dota is life
Fun and free
its jst too good 
Don't.
Yep
Anyone who recommends DOTA 2 to you is a troll.
fun ivolved game. the people you play with can often impact the experience, you need to be the difference.
AWESOME GAME
Gameplay is horrible, the game is dead
These days I like the endless custom games that are created in the arcade more than the actual game, but it's still the best moba out there.
The only people who play this game anymore are people new to the game and ones who live in their parents basement. Great game, but the devs seem like they continue to push new players away from the game. If you want to play this game casually, people will ♥♥♥♥♥, if you play a lot are are good, you'll be put with people with the minds of hamsters. Overall, can't reccommend.
full of people that don't know what team play is
Better than HON
Just play til  you understand.
it's not baaahd
Nice game
fun
game is great but will take over your life :)
All time favorite!
+
Always challenging, very complicated.
Its League of Legends without the CCP spyware of Vanguard packaged with it. 11/10 do not recommend unless you want to dedicate your life to it.
Addictive is an understatement, I've been playing variations of DotA for over 20 years, never fails to be enjoyable and challenging.
its DOTAAA!
I barely scratched the surface but it seems pretty good so far.
Spent a couple hours playing, its pretty good
It's hard to play and grow comfortable with, but you can easily spend thousands of hours in this and feel like you still have more to get out of it.
Dotes McGotes
bad game
good game
Into the depths of depravity to the highs of heaven... in between is DotA, the worst and best game in existence. Do you have the mental fortitude to fight the ghouls? do you have the courage to explore your darkest inner thoughts? do you have the tenacity to hit your head against a wall until it breaks? Then this is the game for you!
Play the game
Dota2 is my all time fave game
Amaziiiiiiiing!
too many ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
this game's if one of the few thing stopping me from having a perfect relationship save you're self some time and happiest and don't install  10/10 keeps me awake at night
!
This game is dead... full of bots.. unfair penalties.... matchmaking its terrible... and you cannot say anything to a russian troll because you get muted for life....   I am out...
Pretty good game.
love it
It is the best game if you want a engaging fun challenging experience.
its good
Communication score is a joke. Zero words, always play assigned role to my best. Communication score keeps dropping without exploiting anything and doing decent in every game. ♥♥♥♥♥♥, easily exploitable system made for lambs of modern era
very addictive play with caution your life my fall apart, you've been warned
Piece of Utter Trash I do not know how anyone enjoys this. I would rather be buried alive.
Ainda vou precisar de algumas horas a mais para poder avaliar corretamente...
to many updates
A perfect game to "come back to". When every other game gets boring. You can allways come back for a round of Dota 2.
помойка
10 social credit scores out of 10 10 new shtty maps out of 10 10 dota to league of legends conversions out of 10 10 -40% concurrent players in the past year after "the patch" out of 10
good
This is the game that i will probably play till my time on this earth expires
♥♥♥♥
unbalanced  Play this game only if you hate yourself otherwise play League of Legends.
toxic, auto losses because trolls exist
FREE GAME
They try to make it more stupid and more stupid, now rivers, after that ocean.
love it 
I hear this game is played by nothing but nerds.  ew.
>
Really a time killer thing, very dangerous
Good game.
love this game!!
Piece of trash game, horrible Toxic community  Noobs every day  worthless calipration
Heed with caution. Once you start there is no going back.
Not looking for a job, a chore or a masters degree. I want a hobby, a game, some fun.   Fine so some I'm sure but for me not interesting in dedicating an insane amount of time to a single game to keep current.  In spite of its playable rating for Steam deck, I'm not sure how. Not only does it seem to randomly change when it accepts face button inputs, the track pad doesnt work for the mouse as so many other similar interfaces would and you are contantly switching to touch screen but even that does not work intuitively as a mouse replacement in game.
WORST GAME EVER!
best of best!
Road to 1 mmr XD
Best game you suck at
ADSA
Wars Amazing.  GG!
i recently started playing the dota2 again. it is very fun. learning curve is steep, but not impossible. i'd say give the game a try if you left. 
more fun then LOL
Dota 2. Enough Said.
Don't do it
good
parasha 
beste!
Frustrating, chaotic and causes all manner of distress. Bretty goob
I'd say it's pretty good
dotr
I love all cultures and respect all people
ty
Get in here!
Made me racist
Classic 
trash
Yes
Fun Game
10/10
I use to play this game religiously for years.  I just recently stated playing again after a couple years gone.  I got punished for leaving a a game that was a stomp.  They put me in a low priority que.  I waited over 1 HOUR, and still no games.  That is not how you treat costumers you wanna keep.  No game should have wait times of even 10-15 min, let alone over an hour.  I will deleteing for good.  Good-bye!
I hate this game as much as it hates me
Toxic game full of nec*beards. Do not play this. 10/10 would spend 5k hours on toxic game again
A lot of terrible people play this game.  The game itself is awesome and when you find good people to play with there is very few better experiences,
Ja não bastasse esse desequilibrio entre os herois, ainda fizeram esse novo sistema de escolher skill, dota ficou um lixo, desinstalei e não volto a jogar mais
I've been playing Dota 2 for 12 years now, off and on throughout my life it is one of the few constants. In high school, my friends and I spent many nights playing when there was only one courier. In college I played once or twice a year on my rented laptop from school. During the pandemic It was a way for my brothers and I to connect when we couldn't actually visit each other. It holds a great place in my life.  [h3]The Good[/h3] - Gameplay is dynamic, engaging and rewarding once you get the hang of it. There are so many moving parts that when you make your first big play, there is very little that can match the feeling of satisfaction when played just right.  - Flourishing Pro Scene: If you want to get better there are countless new and old pro players that stream or release content on Youtube to help you improve, and often times Discord chats to find players to play with. - Semi Consistent Updates: They just released one of the biggest updates the game has seen since Talents were released in 2016, or neutral items were released in 2019, or when they DOUBLED the size of the map in 2022. Valve isn't afraid to experiment with this game, and while you can get stuck on a single patch for a long time, you can always know that Valve Devs are working on something truly different to add.  [h3]Negatives[/h3] - Mental Health: This is a team game. I love it for that, but playing with others can be frustrating and demoralizing. You can also find yourself "chain queuing" which after multiple losses can really effect your mood outside the game. My girlfriend and I have a rule that I cant start a game after 10pm because if i lose badly sometimes I will be too angry to fall asleep or talk before bed. You have to find these ways to look inward yourself, and without barriers it can really negatively impact you. - The Community: I said it a bit above, but if you're new to online games there is so much racism, sexism, anger etc. I've met really great people playing dota, but the brain tends to remember the bad eggs. Remember there is a mute button. - Communication from Valve: There can be crickets from valve sometimes. They ARE working on stuff, but if you read reddit to much you can get a bit riled for no reason.  Overall, best game I've ever played by a long margin.
Great fun game if you've got friends and play around at lower ranks trying stuff out. However, this game has one of the most toxic fanbases in existence, second only to maybe LoL. If you intend on playing solo, do your sanity a favor and just avoid this game like the plague. You will be flamed, griefed, have slurs screamed at you, etc. if these players perceive even a microsecond of sub-optimal play.
yes.
yea its pretty good
I have played this game for 1,200+ hours.  I have a group of friends who only plays this game (they suck at all other games, which I am good at), so I am stuck playing it with them.  If you never played before, I would say stay away from this game.  It will suck the life out of your soul.  First of all even if you play exactly right, if your team is bad you will lose.  Games take around 40 minutes so its a huge time commitment.  Finally it is by far the most toxic community I have ever experienced in a video game.
broken matchmaking system
get good, then its fun... sometimes
I really can't recommend this game any more. Match making is imbalanced now in every mode but all pick ranked, and the meta is so stale that if you do not group up as five you will lose the game. Toxicity has gotten to the worst point that I've seen in 10 years of Dota. It's sad how bad the US community for this game has gotten and how much Valve has abandoned this game.
always on the brink of uninstalling, but always down for another game
Ah, Dota 2, the game where toxicity flows like a never-ending river and the community is as welcoming as a pack of hungry wolves. Strap in, folks, because this rollercoaster of emotional distress is about to make you question your life choices.  Let's start with the community, shall we? A lovely bunch, really, if your idea of lovely involves getting flamed for daring to pick a hero someone else wanted. And don't even get me started on the joy of encountering smurfs who stomp around like they own the place, leaving a trail of shattered dreams in their wake.  But wait, there's more! Ever wanted to experience the thrill of spending an hour in a match, only to have your hopes dashed by a single misstep? Congratulations, Dota 2 has got you covered. And let's not forget the joy of watching your teammates rage quit faster than you can say "GG."  And don't even think about trying to improve. Sure, you could watch tutorials, read guides, and practice till your fingers bleed, but why bother when you can just blame your losses on everyone else? It's the Dota 2 way!  But overall, despite the salt mines and the occasional dumpster fire of a match, I would still recommend this game. Because beneath all the toxicity lies a surprisingly addictive experience that somehow keeps you coming back for more punishment. So, if you're ready to dive headfirst into a cesspool of salt, frustration, and occasional glimpses of actual gameplay, welcome to Dota 2. Just remember to bring a hazmat suit and a healthy dose of sarcasm. You're gonna need it.
Came with the Valve Complete Pack when it wasn't free...   Even these 2.7 hours were a complete waste of time.  It would have been a better value to buy Steam trading cards for the whole money.
fun with friends in customs or against bots but the community is way too toxic. you'd have more fun drinking poison than being screamed at by these addicts. cool game toxic community and no real way to circumvent that other than to go do literally anything else
demonic battlegrounds very fun
I played hero wars on WC3 custom mode for years. Dota took over in 2012 for me and it's the greatest game ever. The cost is your life, and few other games will make their way into your rotation of playable games - as Dota will always force itself open. But it's worth the cost. Free game no complaining
Techies fun
super
every hour is death and i will continue to die over and over again. 
much better and developed than league of legends
League of Legends but:  1.    Too zoomed in so you can't see whats happening.  2a.  Stuns and silences that last literally 6 - 8 seconds to remove all chance of counter-play. 2b.  Because of this BKB is needed on 99% of all heroes, giving a few second window where you get to play. 3.    Hero speed is much faster and the map is much bigger, combined with point 1 and its constant panning. 4.    Jungle role is still not a thing, and the jungle is way less interesting. 5.    Hero balance is non-existent. heroes hard counter each-other. Games are decided in hero select. 6.    Somehow even a more toxic community. 7.    Items are less diverse, and it seems the only way they can develop interesting ones is to give them all         active abilities, making the game a memory game of what item is in what hotkey slot. 8.    Blink is still an expensive item you need to buy, forcing you to chose between mobility or power, making         it impossible to play a hero that needs a blink in a losing lane.
Its the best game ever, I have been playing it for like 20 years.
Great game for timepass
so toxic it rendered me immune to all other poisons
not worth it
the game imho is a very toxic and very time consuming. I dont recoommend to spend any time with this game
it is a good game but they are really strict with the bans and no really much of a freedom to express. but the game it self is a good game.
What can I say? One of the best games EVER made <3
The matches used to take a long time and that makes the learning curve steeper but it's a very deep fast paced game...  It's hard to find a better real time strategy game, the complexity, team dynamics, and high capacity for upset or turn around matches makes for good watching and great play.
no i'd rather my children get into recreational drugs than discover this game
Can't find any game better than this.
is not recommended
inviting community tolerant of new players. simple gameplay (destroy the enemy ancient) produces a relaxed, euphoric, almost meditative state, perfect for enjoying the beautiful hero customizations (skins) as you wait to appear in your fountain.
The worst ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ MOBA
This is a new format of chess that both helps relieve stress and seriously raises it to a new level :D
One of the best games ever conceived. Every game is different from the diverse hero combinations to the special people you encounter along the way. And believe you me you will agree that there are a lot of special people playing Dota.
It is one of the best multiplayer games to date. This has gone thru serious tweak and game balancing.
Its not worth it. Trust me  148 hours later, still not worth it.
good
Hermoso juego para estresarse
Good time sink xD
ну и игрулька)))
I play it to relax
best
league of legends but enjoyable 
russian man told me to kill myself 
unquittable game you only take breaks from the game
814
maybe one of best ways in a century for group time killing
The heir to the OG best mod ever.
You will hate it but play it for 7000 hours
better than league of lesbians
I love new updates. Way to go Valve!

game is good
Don't bother with it....   if your not fast enough and and quick enough to get those lvl ups in JUST a few seconds of the match you are going to get destroyed EVERYTIME   this is main reason why i hate Mobas in the first place... i like to have plenty of time with RPGs which i have plenty of time to grind and lvl up  thing is with MOBAs time... is something you don't have your either first in or your destroyed...  if your not a fan of those odds stay away from this game and other Mobas like this...
This game is like Heroes of the Storm, in the aspect of, it's the same genre of game. Heroes of the Storm, despite being abandoned, is actually far more interesting and compelling than this is for a purely casual/fun gaming experience.
Game would be great but Volvo loves RNG, so if you are lucky you win...No skill needed..  Oh and if you play ranked make sure you download scripts and macros for mouse. It helps on the first 20min of the game; afterwards just right click and wait for the crit. Dont worry about ban Volvo does not care as long as they got your money from skins.
the most trash game ever, dont even know why did i try to play it again with the most toxicity community ever
Game is good
No good compedium? No mother?
:O
Except for kowtowing to china by changing skeleton king to wraith king, this is a good MOBA.  I've played DOTA since before 2005.  This maintains most of the spirit of the original.  There is not enough emphasis on backdoor and map control strategy.   Developers seem to be trying to emulate League of Legends in this regard.  Which I believe is a step backwards.  Still, this is a great game and you should play .
Fun game
Good game to play takes time to learn the way comps are compared to league but rewarding experience when you do can fully enjoy the game after that.
It will take over your life and is more addictive than meth. 48 years old and still here...haven't tried meth yet.
Pros  - Fun as hell  - Great design  - Satisfying af  - Constantly updated  Cons  - Online toxicity  - Steep learning curve  - Consumes your life
Charge. Die. Repeat.
Most serious Moba out there, great updates and events all along
>:D
This game is an absolute delight to play. With its engaging multiplayer mode, you and your friends are sure to have a great time. I found myself repeatedly coming back to play, even after taking breaks from it. The replayability factor of this game is impressive, as it keeps you engaged and wanting to play more. Overall, I highly recommend this game to anyone looking for a fun and exciting gaming experience.
The most recent patch (New Frontiers) has completely changed how the game plays. Whilst I appreciate that the devs are trying to keep it fresh and exciting the game doesn’t feel like Dota to me and I’ve lost all interest in playing.  If there was the possibility to include a classic mode with a previous version I would love to jump back in again.
Good game, but the toxic community, absurdly long games, and the ability to be fountain camped for hours really ruins the experience for anyone not already invested into it.
Fenomenal
Game is in the best place its ever been in. Never a better time to start!
After patch 7.33 game is unplayable on my pc with win 11.  It either stays on updating or it crashes and i get abandon and low prio.  thx valve
Apparently it's gone from friendly and fun to toxic and terrible. Stay away, pure and simple. I might have written a better review but no, a toxic group of players are not worth anyone's time.
very bad last update, killed the game
They make knee jerk nerfs to characters if they dominate games even though they are easily countered, and then after years of continuous nerfs they completely take that characters identity away, i stopped playing when that happened.
The new patch is horrrrrrrrrrrible!!! makes the map way too busy and adds too many redundant resources like observers and ways to teleport.
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game will ruin ur mental health
good game
I've hardly ever played or tried the game, but recently I thought it may be fun to give it a shot.   This game is pure unadulterated ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, it's a terrible new player experience, coated with an over-abundance of gimmicky abilities and crowd control. It's like if you let a group of 12 year old's develop a competitive MOBA title.  The extreme level of different abilities and vast power-spikes can turn a fun and engaging early game experience into a god awful immune to literally everything Slark one-shotting your entire team EVEN if they're fed.  DOTA just simply does not hold up with the level of competitive integrity that other similar titles offer. The overpowered, overloaded, over-the-top skills quickly get old as you're constantly left scratching your head after the 5th team of people that all speak different languages after waiting 40 minutes to finally get a good match where someone doesn't abandon and waste all your time.  The game is not salvageable it will die. Inevitably. In the very least at least some small places in the world will keep the player count around 200k~ for a while, though once all the old folks get tired of it.. That's it.  R.I.P DOTA  I gave it a shot, it's just not worth the stress LMAO
⠄⠂⠄⠐⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⢀⣠⣶⣶⣿⣿⣿⣷⣶⣶⣤⣀⡀⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠂⠄⠐⠄⠄⠂⠄⠐ ⠄⠐⠈⠄⠄⠄⠄⣀⣴⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⢿⣿⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣦⡀⠄⠄⠄⠄⠁⢀⠈⠄⠈⠄ ⠐⠄⠄⠄⠄⢀⣴⣿⣿⡿⣿⢽⣾⣽⢿⣺⡯⣷⣻⣽⣻⣟⣿⣿⣿⣿⣦⡀⠄⠄⠄⠄⡀⠐⠈⠄ ⠄⠄⠄⠄⢀⣾⣿⣿⢿⡽⡯⣿⢾⣟⣿⣳⢿⡽⣾⣺⣳⣻⣺⣽⣻⡿⣿⣿⣦⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⠄⠄⣿⣿⣿⣯⢿⣽⣻⣽⣿⣿⣯⣿⣿⣿⣷⣻⢮⣗⡯⣞⡾⡹⡵⣻⣿⣇⠄⠄⠄⠂⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⠄⣸⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⡾⣳⢿⢿⢿⠿⠿⠟⠟⠟⠿⣯⡾⣝⣗⣯⢪⢎⢗⣯⣿⣇⠄⠄⠄⠄⢀ ⠄⠄⠄⠋⠉⠁⠑⠁⢉⣁⡁⠁⠁⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⢉⢻⢽⣞⢾⣕⢕⢝⢎⣿⣿⡀⠄⠄⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⠄⡧⠠⡀⠐⠂⣸⣿⢿⢔⢔⢤⢈⠡⡱⣩⢤⢴⣞⣾⣽⢾⣽⣺⡕⡕⡕⡽⣿⣿⠟⢶⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⠄⣿⡳⡄⡢⡂⣿⣿⢯⣫⢗⣽⣳⡣⣗⢯⣟⣿⣿⢿⡽⣳⢗⡷⣻⡎⢎⢎⣿⡇⠻⣦⠃⠄ ⠄⠄⠄⡿⡝⡜⣜⣬⣿⣿⣿⣷⣯⢺⠻⡻⣜⢔⠡⢓⢝⢕⢏⢗⢏⢯⡳⡝⡸⡸⣸⣧⡀⣹⣠⠄ ⠄⠄⠄⣇⢪⢎⡧⡛⠛⠋⠋⠉⠙⣨⣮⣦⢅⡃⠇⡕⡌⡪⡨⢸⢨⢣⠫⡨⢪⢸⠰⣿⣇⣾⡞⠄ ⠄⠄⠄⢑⡕⡵⡻⣕⠄⠄⠄⠔⡜⡗⡟⣟⢿⢮⢆⡑⢕⣕⢎⢮⡪⡎⡪⡐⢅⢇⢣⠹⡛⣿⡅⠄ ⠄⠄⠄⢸⢎⠪⡊⣄⣰⣰⣵⣕⣮⣢⣳⡸⡨⠪⡨⠂⠄⠑⢏⠗⢍⠪⡢⢣⢃⠪⡂⣹⣽⣿⣷⡄ ⠄⠄⠄⡸⠐⠝⠋⠃⠡⡕⠬⠎⠬⠩⠱⢙⣘⣑⣁⡈⠄⠄⡕⢌⢊⢪⠸⡘⡜⢌⠢⣸⣾⢿⣿⣿ ⠄⠄⠄⡎⣐⠲⢒⢚⢛⢛⢛⢛⠛⠝⡋⡫⢉⠪⡱⠡⠄⠠⢣⢑⠱⡨⡊⡎⢜⢐⠅⢼⡾⣟⣿⣿ ⠄⠄⣠⡃⡢⠨⢀⢂⢐⢐⢄⠑⠌⢌⢂⠢⠡⡑⡘⢌⠠⡘⡌⢎⠜⡌⢎⠜⡌⠢⠨⡸⣿⡽⣿⣿ ⢴⠋⠁⡢⡑⡨⢐⢐⢌⠢⣂⢣⠩⡂⡢⡑⡑⡌⢜⠰⡨⢪⢘⠔⡱⢘⠔⡑⠨⢈⠐⢼⡷⣿⣻⢷ ⠂⠄⠄⡢⡃⡢⢊⢔⢢⠣⡪⡢⢣⠪⡢⡑⡕⡜⡜⡌⢎⢢⠱⠨⡂⡑⠨⠄⠁⡂⡨⣺⡽⡯⡫⠣ ⠄⠄⣰⡸⠐⠌⠆⢇⠎⡎⢎⢎⢎⢎⢎⢎⠎⡎⡪⠘⠌⠂⠁⠁⠄⢀⠄⢄⢢⢚⢮⢏⠞⡨⢂⠕ ⡀⢀⡯⡃⡌⠈⠈⠄⠄⠈⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠂⠁⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⢄⢂⢢⢱⢱⢱⠱⢡⢑⠌⢂⠡⠠ ⣀⡸⠨⢂⠌⡊⢄⢂⠠⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⢀⠠⢐⢨⣘⢔⢵⠱⡃⡃⡕⡸⠐⡁⠌⡐⡨⠨ ⢣⢎⠨⠄⠄⠨⢊⢪⢪⡫⡪⡊⡐⡐⡐⡌⡬⡪⡪⣎⢗⡕⡎⡣⠃⢅⠊⠆⠡⠠⡁⠢⡑⡐⢌⢌ ⡎⡎⠄⠈⠄⠡⢂⠂⡕⡕⡕⠕⢌⢌⢢⢱⢸⡸⣪⢮⡣⡓⠌⠠⢑⠡⢈⠌⢌⢂⠪⠨⡂⣊⠢⡢ ⢢⢣⠊⢀⠨⠨⢐⠐⡸⡸⡪⡱⡑⡌⡆⡇⡇⣏⢮⢪⢪⠊⠄⢑⢐⠨⡐⢌⠢⡪⡘⢌⠢⡢⢣⠪ ⡣⡑⢅⠄⠄⠨⢐⠨⢰⢱⢣⢣⢪⢸⢨⡚⣞⢜⢎⢎⢎⠪⠐⠄⡆⡣⡪⡊⡪⡂⡪⡘⡌⡎⠊⠄ ⡣⠊⠄⣷⣄⠄⠄⠌⢸⢸⠱⡱⡡⡣⡣⡳⡕⡇⡇⡇⠥⠑⠄⢡⢑⠕⢔⢑⠔⡌⡆⠇⠁⡀⠄⠁
Why shuold solo players play against and with party? There is at least one arg? Therefore almost all games are toxic piece of ♥♥♥♥
Game is totally unplayable under Linux. It hangs after every match (hang whole system with noise in headphones).
Before I played this, I had a small wee wee, no girlfriend and absolutely no will to live. None of these things have changed, but the game is pretty good.
Super ♥♥♥♥♥♥ match making system, supertoxic at all levels.
Love the game, extremely complex but worth spending the time to learn and partake in the game. Valve have done a great job of adding some extras to the game: queuing, demo, viewing etc, that make it even better!
Can i get my 2775 hours back?
My hours in this game speak for itself
Today Dota 2 has become the empty shell of its formal existence. Balance only exist in the form of IMBA and "balance in imbalance", micro-transactions and season pass are rampant, and individual player quality seriously lacking. MOBA game has run its course, now it need to end.
Highly recommend. fun strategic game
Если играешь УМОМ, смотришь свои реплеи и любишь стратегии + экшн, то игра достойная, если не учитывать забавные баги в каждом патче (Дота 2 Бета же, KEKW). Если играешь по фану (пожалуйста, в РЕЙТИНГ НЕ ЗАХОДИ), то и по фану можно. И можно сказать, что ранговая система херня, и тут спорно. Главное, на тиммейтов не вали свои фейлы, будь ВЫШЕ, you know, а не если играешь уево, то у тебя все виноваты, у меня есть такие знакомые в т ч (лучше посмотри реплеи и гайды)  P.S. наиграл 2-2.5к часов ещё до того, как добавили таланты, было весело P.P.S дружелюбие выигрывает игры
NO
I once was told by a friend to "check out this multiplayer game" 8 years later I still suck and so does everyone else. By all means "check it out".
a
Game is great and continues to entertain me even after 9yrs..   To me it was always DOTA2 the best MOBA type game..
mush game
too addicting!
The only game to make me feel something again.
7.33 (15.16):  There is a lot to say about this update. If you had changed the algorithms and map  that much, (more over, the map that made Dota "DOTA"), could have named this Dota3. If you say "no, we want to apply this to Dota2", then show respect the classic, and give players the option to play as a classic map or a modern map. So you keep your two player pools in your hands. If the Classics needed change, they wouldn't be called classics anyway.  #rollbackDOTA2
The one MOBA to rule them all. But be warned, this game is a jealous lover and will take most of your gaming time.
Its ok
The matchmaking will enrage you. You can have a long strings of losses and the game will not adjust itself. If you are bad at farming there is no way to make up for it. Why is there no mod where all players get the same exact income and it is only a matter of how well you cast your skills. Players remain toxic even if you explain why you built your inventory in a particular way given your circumstances, which is world issue not a game issue, but still. The game could be addictive even if you are losing.
This game has ruined my life, 10/10
Hey,  The new update DOTA 2 leads to a reboot game when I am playing. Do you have any issues too?
wack
Nothing compares
Даже не заходите в эту помойку!
Fun! Fun!
No, don't do it. It's damn awful
matching make is a ♥♥♥♥ dota is a game made for you that play alone to suffer and get angry.
DRAIN ALL MY LIFE AWAY.
Too addictive.
Рекомендую доту 2, если вам не куда потратить время из своей жизни )))
toxic community
Incredible depth and nuance with high skill ceilings and the most integrated and expansive client of any moba.   The game feels very premium outside of annoying bugs in the game viewer.   The community also has a high skill level (creating a pretty high skill floor) which can make even unranked games overwhelming for new players.  If you can make it through the steep learning curve you will experience a tactical moba far beyond the rest of the field.  I recommend turning on anonymous mode when starting out to mute other players, the community is toxic and obnoxious towards new players.
This is Dota. From the original Warcraft3. Its awesome, others try to emulate but fail. All that being said there are times when I hate all the nerfing being done to some of the more awesome characters.  Example, when Baranthum charges he should hit you and you should bounce across the lane and it should cause you to loose half your life early game. Zeus early game should be a hugely annoying with wrath. Some heros should be OP if played well. but its up to the player to know how to counter the play or strat. When Dota2 first came out heros were played as is for several years till player could have their say.. on what they thought was OP and not. then nerfing began. ZZZzzzz.... and the similarity to LOL also began. (except for the big round heads)
A great game with some awesome synergies and mechanics, but with the most toxic community in any game ever. 
It's got a pretty high learning curve, but the game is pretty good about showing you what to do.  The game is super frustrating until you learn it well enough to multi-task.  All in all, I like it for the challenge.
game has hackers still + you need dota plus to rank up smoothly, plus servers are ♥♥♥♥, you got diss in game so much, just do anything else, it will be better than this ♥♥♥♥  Update: Super buggy game, you'll get diss or an error while in game and can't even reconnect, play something else or go for turbo mode only  Also as a typical volvo game players are worthless ♥♥♥♥♥
ITS GOOD
Player culture is super ♥♥♥♥♥♥ in this game lately, people wont end the game when they are lightyears ahead of your team and enjoy wasting your time, dont feel bad to leave when people are trolling cause its not worth playing out when you could save 20 minutes of your precious  life. 1/50 games actually have players who respect themselves and others. Spoon man mini game is trash
nice game
if you wanna get ♥♥♥♥♥♥ by your own team throwing or the other team bashing your bum hole in weekly would recommend.  10/10
love it
DoTA = toxicity. Need i say more? EDIT: Still toxic af Arcade is super fun tho! EDIT: Arcade is still super fun EDIT: They've fixed ranked some, added better battle passes. Still toxic af in 2024.  But long live DoTA. Same toxicity in 2025.
My friends and I wasted more than one hour dealing with the trash system and non-sense errors. I keep getting erroneous messages that prevents me from create a game unless I restarted the game. And my friends were having trouble to log in and sync the game despite tried everything we could.
its good
The only other game I've had such a problem abandoning is Starcraft, and I suspect that this is just filling the void that Starcraft left.  Also, it's easier for an old to only manage one character at a time.    This game is a little like Eve, in that the only winning play is to quit.  Don't play it.
Fun!
♥♥♥♥
Left LoL after finding this game around 1 year into playing league with friends in highschool(about 2014). I loved Dota right off the bat, the first thing that stuck out to me was that nothing except cosmetics can be bought or unlocked.  My League friends unfortunately never got it. I had to keep playing League with them, they refused to give the game more than a few hours each. Crushed me, still bitter about that to this day.  My love for Dota turned into a total obsession. I learned as much as I could, and played whenever I had the time. I was so inspired by Fear and Dendi's stories in Free to Play, I wanted to go the distance myself. I saw Dota as the one path for me to turn my boundless enthusiasm for strategy games into freedom from jobs I didn't love and a place I didn't want to live. The one rope I could use to pull upward into the future I wanted for myself. Of course, I decided to become a professional Dota player.   This wasn't meant to be.  I was working as a busboy at the time and would work my shift and come home at night and play, then work again without any significant breaks. I would go 24-48hrs without sleep regularly to play as much Dota as I could without missing any work. Went to 1 LAN and placed 2nd, that was one of my favorite experiences in my life. Also met people from all over the world and learned words(mostly curses heh) from languages I would have otherwise never encountered, got to practice my Spanish a bit too. I grew so much as a person from the interactions I had in Dota. It shaped me.  Despite my extreme(and overzealous and counterproductive in retrospect) dedication I never got above 3.6k MMR. What happened instead was that I ended up in the mental hospital from playing between 5 and 22 ranked matches a day and not sleeping on top of working my full time job bussing tables(which I worked as hard as I could at as well). When I got to the hospital I was 135lbs(I am 5'11") and hadn't eaten or slept for 6 days, and was in full blown manic psychosis. Maybe if I had been provided for and fully supported during this time(and born without bipolar disorder) by my parents, I could have done it. We'll never know, but that's what happened. What I did was the epitome of the adage: "burning the candle from both ends". I flew too close to the sun and crashed and burned in the flames of psychosis and malnutrition.   It's been almost 6 years since that episode of mania. Don't worry guys, I'm fine now, I sleep and eat every single day and have never had a recurrence of mania. I use medication to stabilize my mood whenever that pattern fails. Although I still enjoy the game a lot, I really only play turbo on and off since that's what I have time for. Gone are the dreams.  I know I spent a lot of time on this game, and I will regret somewhat my failure to become pro for the rest of my life. At one point it was everything to me. I lived, breathed, and dreamed it. That said, I look back on all that time with nostalgia and fondness. This is a game that will one way or another leave an impression on the rest of your life. You will either give up at less than 50 hours, or you will never forget it.   How can I not recommend that? It's a masterpiece.  P.S.  Here's my dotabuff if you want to see my schedule during that breaking point: https://www.dotabuff.com/players/34646363/activity
Best game ever. Too hard to get in to.
It's great.  Just ask Dendi
Endless combination of heroes both allied and enemy teams.
if you have not started, just do not start, it's a trap))
don't play so we dont get more ♥♥♥♥ people
Although this game is free and it's pretty fun, you're gonna be shelling out a type of currency you'll never get back, TIME. If you're prepared to give literal years of your life to play this game, more power to you, but ♥♥♥♥ man, take it from a guy that spent over 10k hours playing this ♥♥♥♥, it ain't worth it.
Over 3,000 hours. That can't be healthy.
Best game out there. Easy to learn and practice.
if you want to lose a part of your soul, this game is for you. it's a love hate relationship.
I have been playing DOTA since it came out in Warcraft 3. I can say this is enjoyable at any level of skill. There is a lot to learn but there is a pretty good tutorial around that. A massive selection of heroes add difference to each match.  
Fun
do not recommend.
be kind to your teammates, only babies blame their team
almost 4k hours played, still suck
Absolutely 100 percent pure ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
---{ Graphics }--- ☐ You forget what reality is ☐ Beautiful ☐ Good ☑ Decent ☐ Bad ☐ Don‘t look too long at it ☐ MS-DOS  ---{ Gameplay }--- ☑ Very good ☐ Good ☐ It's just gameplay ☐ Mehh ☐ Watch paint dry instead ☐ Just don't  ---{ Audio }--- ☐ Eargasm ☐ Very good ☑ Good ☐ Not too bad ☐ Bad ☐ I'm now deaf  ---{ Audience }--- ☐ Kids ☑ Teens ☑ Adults ☐ Grandma  ---{ PC Requirements }--- ☐ Check if you can run paint ☑ Potato ☐ Decent ☐ Fast ☐ Rich boi ☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer  ---{ Game Size }--- ☐ Floppy Disk ☐ Old Fashioned ☑ Workable ☐ Big ☐ Will eat 10% of your 1TB hard drive ☐ You will want an entire hard drive to hold it ☐ You will need to invest in a black hole to hold all the data  ---{ Difficulty }--- ☐ Just press 'W' ☐ Easy ☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master ☐ Significant brain usage ☑ Difficult ☐ Dark Souls  ---{ Grind }--- ☐ Nothing to grind ☑ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks ☐ Isn't necessary to progress ☐ Average grind level ☐ Too much grind ☐ You'll need a second life for grinding  ---{ Story }--- ☐ No Story ☑ Some lore ☐ Average ☐ Good ☐ Lovely ☐ It'll replace your life  ---{ Game Time }--- ☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee ☐ Short ☐ Average ☐ Long ☑ To infinity and beyond  ---{ Price }--- ☑ It's free! ☐ Worth the price ☐ If it's on sale ☐ If u have some spare money left ☐ Not recommended ☐ You could also just burn your money  ---{ Bugs }--- ☑ Never heard of ☐ Minor bugs ☐ Can get annoying ☐ ARK: Survival Evolved ☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs  ---{ ? / 10 }--- ☐ 1 ☐ 2 ☐ 3 ☐ 4 ☐ 5 ☐ 6 ☐ 7 ☐ 8 ☑ 9 ☐ 10
its a ♥♥♥♥♥ game
its dota
dota....  us east and us west servers....only mexicans  put english language preference...only mexicans  thumbs down go ♥♥♥♥ yourself

meh
Nobody around me who plays this game happy..people who are super nice in their everyday life becomes raging monsters while playing this game. Stop this madness
Likes- Good way to make friends, recently went to uni DOTA is a great way to meet people of similar interests. Infinite skill ceiling always something new to learn. Once you can deal with the flame from your team/enemy you will be able to weather the hardest storms.
Tired of daily damn updates.
Good gamu
i hate this game
Smurfs every second game. Hope you have fun.
Would play again
I like it LMAO
uuu
i recommend some people who can play well. and i donot like does people doing some trashtalks for me thats not good
played it a bit. learnt colorful words from several languages.  11/10 would trashtalk again
dota 2 is a good game. i've been playing for 3 years. but some trash on latest updates must be seriously foccused on. specially during events on this game. some updates just sucks. but dota is still the best for me.
Nice Game 
Great game indeed. :)
What a greats game!!
im pro here
Nice MOBA game EVER !
Couldnt find a better game
Good game. Toxic playerbase.
.
Nice Game GG!
Hours and i still have no clue how to play.
Better than League.
Should be a warning lable for addiction...   But seriously... its a good game
A
Awesome !!
I do not recommend this trash game!!!
Tried
addicted on this game
Great game! (no)
salad
Once you are in , there is no way out !   Community is good .    Just ignore the in-game rage .  Edit : 2k hours was played then , Now have 3k hours played , take my advice , never start playing this game , spend time on some other hobbies, take a trip , give time to your family , but please , there is so much life can offer , don't let this game be one of them .   Again , NEVER EVER START PLAYING THIS GAME , PLEASE DONOT !!.///  Edit 2 : 3.7k hours played . Still not worth it , this game was made to take as mush time as possiable from the player .Changed a lot and now takes avarage of 40 minutes instade of 1 hour per match but not worth it at all . Please , there are tons of other game to try , DO NOT waste your time in this one .  Edit 3 : Date 18:12:2019 , another 1000 hours since last review , this game is ♥♥♥♥ , don't even start , please , there is no way out  Edit 4 : Date 27:11:2020 , after 4977.7 hours , I still strongly recommend not to ever play this game .
oke
GG
Only played a while. Kinda fun
kool
is very hardd & goood game  i play dota 2 (warcraft)                                                   *  pls like me *
The place is dirty, staff were bunch of incompetent subhumans, everything was overpriced.  Will never dine at this place again
+++
hue
It very nice
I really like DOTA2 there are a saying that Dota is Life and its true <3
sssssssssssssss
Good game in the world.
NIce wedqdqwd
yea
100% lifesteal. Plus cancerous SEA servers. Also account buyers.
Bad game
This game is an amazing game please everyone play this game!! amazing graphs,amazing security.
nice game ever i played
You wont find another game where grown men screech over their microphones in an autistic rage, all because their teammate did something wrong.
Dota 2. From Warcraft 3 Custom Map to here. I love Strategy game. For me, this game is the best MOBA. yeah Really,The gameplay,just awesome. bunch of heroes there,use items for powerup, u need use ur brain play this game,especially the items. the heroes have their own Abilities, and The graphics are good!. u need teamwork to win this game..............  Wait...  i just said teamwork?  No f ng way, This game have terrible Community,toxic Community,its just bad,really bad, more than horse dog or bull Sh*t, I Play in SEA Server. it just the the worst server, its like Place of Cr4p. The people dont have attitude,Blame Support,Blame Carry,Blame Everyone. Missused Report System, never give a chance for newbie. Feeding to enemy, Ruins ur Friend Gameplay. Chat full of Sh*t. just What the f?   i said Missused Report, For Example, I have experience when playing this game, Select the hero. the game start, Waiting for other people loading or join the session. someone just take long time for loading, and then the people says "report Report that nub loading,report" WHAT THE??? U REPORTED someone cuz he/she have long loading at Start of the game?.  U ALD REPORT PEOPLE CUZ LOADING??? R U F KIDDING ME? THAT LOADING IS HIS/HER FAULT??? PURPOSE OF REPORT SYSTEM IF UR TEAMATES ARE TOXIC! FOR EXAMPLE: Feeding to enemy, use bad words much. and maybe you need tolerance to people who  cant play the hero propely. Teach him/her, RESPECT! dont blame,or report or other bullsh*t. ALL U NEED IS RESPECT! RESPECT OTHER PEOPLE!  U cant avoid Bullying here,The community just cancer,cant Cure. If u Strong enough,u can play this game,be a good people,dont be toxic. I never recommend this game cuz its community, I know there's good poeple there,if u LUCKY!. I prefer play with bots even the bots are stupid. or play with ur friend,dont ever try Public.   GAME: 10/10 COMMUNITY -1000/10  (Sorry For English)
nice game
I like dota because its a challenging game not mind games yoneed to defeat your enemy 
just like dota 1, there are bad words XD hehehe  the game is nice if you play with pro players and friends also strategic and challenging when raising your mmr  btw I do mute other players many times when the game starts, to avoid stress XD
*-*
>get into game >gets killed instantly >smashes $300 moniter  11/10 would break moniter again
its awesome :)
good game
Dota 2 is hard, but there's a huge reward for those who commit.
A LITTLE addctive.Just a LITTLE
VERY NICE AND EPIC
NICE GAME
hay
Fix your CANCER GAMERS
Y
Easy game to learn but difficult to master.
Fun playing it and can challenge with other players.
The best game i have played
one of the best games i ever played
Awesome game ever
ASasASas
These exciting new games should try to play the game Dota 2 as well  I love Dota 2
I made a screenshot of the lock screen. I opened it. I was distracted by something. Then I looked at the phone and tried to unlock it. [b]10 of 10 stupid neko[/b][quote=Chocola]Another such garbage, and you will need a neko doctor.[/quote]
:D
It'd cool.. but I'm just doing this to level up my steam.. lol
Best team game, of all time !!!
keep giv me low mmr and stupid teammate
11-28-2024 11-27-2025
fix the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ servers ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, i want a reufnd for my item transactions. Dota is a useless piece of ♥♥♥♥ that you cant even play properly on.
100 percent lifestealer.Good game but full of stupid player ,mmr just a number.MAYBE....
dota uninstalled
Pick SF - Ask for tango and ward - Dominate your lane - EZ Win GGWP
its awsome
Awesome, so addicting like the previous dota but this is much better, no,  I mean the best :D
pretty cool game for free
Addictive. Lol
GG
The F**k steam Erased my games
ooo
Asdf
Very cool games!
I like this games because, dota is online games
Very addictive game! Highly recommended 👍🏼
woow 
salamat po?    
dont que in SEA or India.
Favorite of all time
gGwp
It's a great game with better hero build and amazing features which makes me always play.  But honestly, since more players join the game and majority of us do not really play as a team, I have been playing Dota with AIs for a long time. It is my problem, but the thing is this game is like constantly updating which brings me very painful experience as I just want to start a quick game with those cute AI and that's all, I do not have a fast download speed, but I do not have this choice to accept this update later and just for a game with myself...I know that I am ridiculous saying this, but I just feel much better.
5/7
ITS A GOOG GAME
Great Game
7.07 More like Gaben... So strong!  7.28 More like 2021 will be good?  7.30 More like clink clank clink and sven svan sven  new patch More like bp bp bp
fdsfs
nc game
Amazing game, despite the soviet russian force in eu pubs!
nice game
thumbs up! love this game.. recomended for dota1 players. ggwp valve
i dont know   i have problem  always  when i start up  dota 2   .. please fix this
I feel this game is very anynomous
good game
gfgfg
GOOD
BEST MOBA GAME EVER!
skills
gg
This game is very good and addictive Nice graphic too
GGGGGG
Best!
Bad frames :p
Wonderful. Game
./.
nm
i love dota since warcraft III then that monkey destroys everything :(
I love this game
dota 2
GGWP
my dota2 cant update what can i do?
dog
lol
worst game ever, #1 reason why i have a F in 5 classes
nice game
Ggez
GOOD LUCK HAVE FUN
wow this is really nice and awsome
Download it if u want to break ur life. Ty
gg
the best MOBA game ever
If you want to die, play dota2 for 2 days straight. Good Game :D 10/10 Killed me
AWESOME!
GG
I like that cause there's always an updates
Great Game!!!!!!!!! Best MOBA game ever played.... Been playing since Dota 1 and never get tired of it
GGWP
why my dota 2 every update have no bytes  and MB and error while updating connection timeout
The game is good but its really hard to play can u make it simple for me
Fun
a
wala lang masaya nmn
im just a Kid
Good game
This game will destroy your life man
Started playing Dota 2 on my laptop. Builds a customs PC for AAA games. Continues to spend most of time No-Lifing Dota. Turn back now kids. Dota is a drug you won't don't want to be addicted to. xD  Update: (5,357.6 hrs)   Yep, still a soul sucking digital form of Heroine.
This was a free to play game and I still wanted a refund.
I will stop playing this game at 500 hours
This game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ awesom but sometime i found pinoy in this game 
Best MOBA ever!!!
>le balanced disco goat >le balanced monkey man >le balanced space cow / 17% works everytime cow (now +17% thanks OSForg) >le balanced yellow shrek / enterprenuer midget >le balanced french ghost lady  >le balanced ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ got >le balanced pew pew laser man >le balanced fishy fishy cheeki breeki >le balanced distrup guy >le balanced narcistic mexican disco guy / lightning burrito >le balanced god mario >le balanced phantom man guy >le balanced lesbian emo ranger  >le balanced gay ball >le balanced immortal jumping troll >le balanced fetish queen >le balanced sand cat  >le balanced sexual earth cow >le balanced red face brazillian carnival KS master guy >le balanced hairy armpit phantom material girl >le balanced flying snake lookin ass >le balanced split panda >le balanced "Death is my bitc h" guy >le balanced bat riding hillbilly >le balanced jihad trio >le balanced "spoink" forest bitc h >le balanced feeding mid sniping midget lookin ass  >le balanced purple time man >le balanced goo spitting boar  >le balanced fat man guy / knife slasing , fresh meating , hook missing , team falming , 6k health pointing , smoke ganking , flesh eating guy >le balanced magic haters anarchys rushing 25 mnt battle fury guy >le balanced banana snake (old meme) >le balanced arrogant high elf lokin' ass / "look at my set not my skill guys"  >le balanced bitc h that come to your house and destroy everything / Scandinavian cat lady >le balanced fingered girls once guy >le balanced oppressing support feminazi bald woman >le balanced perma stun tree guy (thanks dota 3) >le balanced dragon man throw master  >le balanced winter waifus (enough said) >le balanced running fish (are you cereal ?) >le balanced du du du sandstrom guy haHAA >le balanced day farmer night feeder  >le balanced sword fetish ugly face samurai >le balanced strong pepsi man >le balanced kotl guy >le balanced mama bear  >le balanced smokin' hot bitc h >le balanced AIDS rasthaman / walking fountain >le balanced time cockroach >le balanced angry troll >le balanced sea monster guy >le balanced shadow business man
olok
I reccomend you play this game if you enjoy hating yourself and everyone around you. Otherwise you should stay away
its ok.
Best Game
Good game, well played!
best game ever
Game of the years!!
Hi
11/10 would stop playing Dota . . . . . . . . . . Nope, i love dota
Its Good..
nice
10/10 if you want a free cancer :)
Anger management simulator 10/10  +pros: you learn to speak russian and  how to break stuff in your room more efficiently  -cons: you will ruin your life along the way ....SO STAY THE **** AWAY FOR YOUR OWN SAKE!!!
500+ HOURS into the game and im enjoying every minute of it! Sometimes russians piss me off,but sometimes they are cool, I invested some money into the game and now its even more fun to play :) 10/10
WTF people see in this ♥♥♥♥?  3/10
i like it
I'm in to deep.
Cancer of all cancers.But I love it XD
i love this GAME <3
The only thing worse than this game is cancer, if you don't have the time to put in to research new metas and OP heroes then this is not the game for you. Occasionally, you will have great moments, I won't doubt that, but on the whole, your experience of this game will be horrible and you'll wish you uninstalled it a long time ago.    Conclusion: There are far better, fun and less time demanding multiplayer games out there. If you've got time and life to waste, then be my guest. Sadly, I'll never get my time back.
Niceee
bla bla bla
Awesome game! Version 7.02 works great on linux :)
honestly , for players like us your matchmaking system sucks soo bad... I m quitting because of that..if u look at my games i ve tried my best ,but everytime the opponents are way to skilled than my team and every ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ time one or twoof my team is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Dont mind dota 2 YOu just lost a player. This might mean nothing to u but every single ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ person i meet i m gonna ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ encourage them not to play your game. THis is just the beginning.
Yes i recommend this game :)
its a great game yeah 20+ hour on pc and still good
Very cool
Meh. Okay I gues..
Good
awesome game
Its good
asd
Wlw 
Không hay bằng Liên Minh Huyền Thoại
amazing
Awesome!
The best game ever
Well done gg, nice setup , overall addicted games
"Welcome to Valve. Here we are going to tour around a selection of Steam's finest games.  Here we have Dota 2, the 2nd largest salt factory in the world, losing only to League of Legends."  10/10 would support again.
good game
Freaking Awesome in tagalog  Putang ina  qng galing
i played this game paster year ago its good game and ill understand it through time 
A ever growing battle arena, with an entire universe of heroes and items, the perfect way to waste an evening, weekend or lifetime
I thought this was a f2p game.   But now my whole family think I'm on drugs.
Best game ever
Please reset the rank, it's been too long now people with 2000 matches playing ancient and people with  5000 matches cruising archon crusder. This is not balance please cap at 2000 mmr when reseting mmr thats how every one needs to have skill in order to get mmr and no one can callibrate higher and sell their account. This game is drowning because of the mmr imbalance.  Reset the mmr from ground 0 i think people are gonna enjoy it more and won't quit playing...
Awesome
League Of Legends is better.  Dota 2 community is so toxic that i almost died from that toxic.           (Half of DOTA 2 player base triggered.)
This is the best MOBA game that ever exist.
This game suck
nice game
A good Game
good game
awsome af
Played it a few times not bad. 
Best M.O.B.A. game to date, toxic and cancer community though.   Easy to learn how to play, but is surely hard to master.
zaboura
Recommended
Rage
Best game 10/10 Kappa
The Best Game EVER!!!!!
excellent game and stress reliever, a game that should be recommended to every gamers :)
👍👍👍
)
qwewqewqewq
Dota 2 is hard, but there's a huge reward for those who commit.
Nice Game 
Be Polite For a Beginners.
Amazing fun
Addicting
Good Game
worst ♥♥♥♥♥
Hello darkness my old friend..   new update has its perks but it's odd.  spent a good amount of time on this game. Never fails to tilt me but it's my comfort zone.
GGWP
nc
A team based strategy game which is complex yet simple if you know how to war. It punishes people if they dont know how to coordinate with eachother. Very entertaining competitive scene with big events.
putang
The most overrated pile of codswallop I've ever played. 
nice!!!!
Do not play if you have a low tolerance for salt!
reveiw
Best game, but you can't handle the toxicness of SEA
Wp
This is the Best Game i've Ever played
have played this game for almost 2 years it has changed a lot it used to be a game of where you would be punished for the littilest things now it is just a cluster ♥♥♥♥ who cares how long the games take. bring dota back to the way it was
Dota 2 has a roster of over 100 heroes to choose from, and the combinations of items they can obtain is an order of magnitude greater still. Each hero has four or more unique abilities, and to have any hope of defeating a skilled opponent, you have to know what those are, what items he or she is carrying, and how they affect your chances of survival. Ignoring all of that nuance, I jumped straight into the game with the Juggernaut and was promptly beaten into a pulp of samurai sushi. A dozen humbling ass whoopings later, I was online and reading the
best thing human kind has ever created everytime i look upon it, i only see a much better version of myself waiting to get even better
gud
Nice game need more education
LOL 
It's so good and it's also improving more
I Really Love this game But can you give us Dire Tide
Toxic af ♥♥♥♥♥♥ everywere
Erm, what should I say
i just wanna say i love you..
Nice epic game
Nice game! :v
a game for jews and communists!
nice game!
Dota o ako ?
great work dota team...keep it up.
GGWP
<3
So good
So Nice
good game
Interesting game
nice game
GGWP
GGWP
Awesome games
Headache+anger+passion!
ggwp.
One of the most entertaining games I have played so far. It has become a very bad habit for me to play atleast 3-4 games a day.
ez
healthy daily dose of cancer in sea with 5 carries. SeemsGood ps: im the guy who picks the 5th carry Kappa
SOMETHING WRONG WITH ABONDON COUNT.  RECONNECT HAVE NO BENIFIT OVER ABONDON OR GAME PLAY.   GOT 1 ABONDON NO MATTER WHAT. WHEN GOT DISCONNECTED, BETTER RESTART ANOTHER GAME INSTANT OF RECONNECTING.
Why not ban ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ cancer
nice game hahaha !
pretty good
Nice game
yeah
yalat
Hope steam market works
1 sec lag will cost u the game
Great game
wew
Absolutely love Dota. Tons of heroes to choose from leads to always having a new experience everytime I play. I keep coming back and leaving happy
Dffff
Dear DOTA devs. Do you ever play YOUR OWN game? I guess not. Please tell me this: How is it FAIR that you play a match, you get teamed with some idiots, and they can just report you for whatever reason like example "You don't speak russian". They are 3-4 friends and they decide to report you because they don't like you for not being russian. You reach a certain amount of reports against you and you are banned from all type of gameplay except Single Draw or whatever it's called. You can't even do some of the tutorial matches! So basically If i was to get together with 3 of my friends and just keep reporting everyone we play with we can just ♥♥♥♥ them all over for laughs. How is this fair? I think you should work on your reporting system.   Another point: As a new player, 34 hours of gaming clocked by steam and 10+ hours of that was waiting for a match, like last night i waited 4 hours+ because i'm being put into low priority single draw matches for some asshats reporting me for not speaking russian. So as a new player WHY am i put against players with 1900 and 2400 hours+? How am i suppose to fight against them? You people REALLY need to get your head screwed on right. Because this game with these 2 systems in place is a piece of ♥♥♥♥.
Nice game . ☺
very good gam
Com certeza o melhor jogo do gênero, incrivelmente competitivo.
Very addictive and fun game to play with friends although the community is pretty harsh not saying that everyone but if someone is having trouble help them out.
Awesome game Best strategi game ever Nice
Like it? but not like russian community(
Excellent community driven mmo. Im not to familiar with mmo as much as rpg but they bring me in once in a while and this game has been around and known to the steam community a while
best game ever.... ive said best EVER!
Goodluck have fun
Sorry cant read
I played DOTA 2 back on the WarCraft 3 days.  I wasn't an addict then.  Fasft forward to DOTA 2 release, I resisted playing.  Eventually my son asked to play a game that sounded to me like DOTA.  I been addicted ever since, and he's been playing since he was 6 years old.  The new patch I thought is a great way to freshen the game.  I hope they do radical changes like this every year to keep people into the game.   I see quite a few negative reviews.  Anyone who wants no change but is willing to play for 30 years can go back and play the WC3 with the mod, that thing is frozen in time forever.  I have to admit the game is starting to wane with me too, but thats not because of the changes.  Its hard to keep up with the game trends to remain relevant in playing.    Kudos to the makers of DOTA 2., keep evolving!
Good luck n Have Fun
it need a genius thinking while playing this game 
please dont play this game unless you are truly single
The game doesn't feel like teaching you anything. Seriously. The tutorials don't do anything useful, and for someone who's never played an RTS (whatever kind of game dota is) they never explain how to do anything. what, you were expecting the community to help you? lol nah they all hate eachother.  i want to like this game but jesus they don't teach you anything and you're just expected to know what to do  >inb4 "git gud"
Nice game
Pretty good.
The best game ever
Wanna be a nolifer? play dotka, you will also learn a bit of cyka blyat.
WHY I CANT BUY ITEMS IN MARKET? 
fast rec
Played 8 minutes in 2013, nah.
jghj
Not bad
Almost every game on EU servers is ruined by smurf or booster which are way above your level. This problem exist for years.
This game is like an abusive girlfriend with giant knockers. You don't want to play, hell you hate this thing but you ALWAYS come crawling back.
Dota sucks
5/7
Got permanently banned for leaving 5 games over 140 hours.   i mean they just gave another player away to lol so i guess i don't really care.
another drugs for my life.
чем дальше - тем хуже
Best moba ever
This is life
Good Game
Really good game, I love it!
10/10 wasted 1000 hours on bot matches
A game of strategy. A game open to all who are good in their own ways
it was ok.
TNX
wp
i like it
i like
Day: 1  Game satrted lets push mid, NO BOTTOM!  Day: 2 Bored of this hero already, what a bas****!!!!  Day: 52  Ok Is this game nearly finished.  Day: 725916346419639168469531546539565635995`56395`6396196549659164559156 I WANT TO DIE   Day: 999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999 And the game has finished and we F*ck1n9 lost.
.
great
i m very blessed that i got to know this game :) it literally changed my fate. I dropped one year from the college, my girl lent me, mangy parents are scolding me, but still i won't feel down coz i play dota 2, thank you
11/10
1 fps
BEST GAME EVER MADE!
best game ever
So ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ beutiful game!
Dota 2 new patch updates is great but the bots seems to be out of the standard selected and requires modification but shouldn't be any problem for those who play online.
THE GAME WILL NEVER END!
Fun game, the people will probably stone you if you make even a minor mistake but otherwise it's fun.
this is my second life wew
COOL
bad. just bad.
just play LoL ..
Recently the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ servers have been so bad that it takes us about 40mins-3hours to FIND A ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ GAME. (Note there was Only 600,000+ people online)...    10/10 would wait like a dumbass again. 
dota 2 best game. nuff said
nicee
I don't know why everyone is complaining about the community.. Personally,I have had maybe 3-4 games with toxic players,and the rest was pretty normal.. I'll say the in-game community doesn't seem as toxic to me as the community on Reddit and other forums.. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥,did /r/Dota2 gave me aneurysm when 7.00 update landed.. Compared to the /r/Dota2 sub reddit,the game itself is an amusement park.. whew.. Also,if you are new to this genre/game,I recommend watching PurgeGamers on Youtube,really useful content and the host:Purge is a very good personality..and don't buy the Battle Pass until you know what you are doing,or atleast until you have played all the heroes..
Makes my day everytime I play it. It's like air to me :)
Game is multi dimensional strategic incredibly a brilliant challenge bro
Awesome Game! Deadly Addictive!
.
Its very fun to play.. And this game is very challenging because of the pro players.:)
GOOOOOOOOOOOD GAME
Very good game
Great
pls refix bad issue if find match on server SEA,cz is very long can join to game,,
BAGUS INI!
nice games
very nice game wp.:)
I tried to play it because I'd heard so much good stuff about it, but the UI is so ♥♥♥♥, I had no idea what was what. I can't even tell if it's a good game or not because I don't understand the first step of how to even start playing, despite having played League and Smite - meaning I should have at least a moderate understanding of how to play another MOBA. It's the first time I've ever had the experience where I just have no clue whatsoever as to what's happening, what I'm supposed to do, or how to do anything. I think I managed to move my character, that's about it.  Seriously, the UI is just absolutely awful, to the extent I can't even play the game.
I'm noob but I'm not always and sometimes I'm pro playing dota ,...... Im single now..... 
no 1
its veryyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy gud
Feeling happy > playing dota > wanna kill yrself
good game
Dota is life
most play of the year and given life time on it 
hye
Nc
Gaben always give me animal in ranked game. Too many animal. Supports farm core + Cores dont know what s going on in the match + Cores deny all of their items after dead. Why Gaben?>
Don't bother
good game, i hope it improves more!
dota is nice
Mi-a mancat zilele
Make it good.. it's awesome game
This game has a huge bug, it's called 7.00 update.
NICE GAME I LIKE THIS GAME :D
This is a good and fun game!
Very nice game i love it
k
nice game
its so awesome
Good
Before release the updates, please stabilize the games and bugs. Now updates became more often and that is suck
Nice game ever
Awwwwwwwwwwwww
 .
The love of my life...
Ggwp
The best game ever...
I've played this game like 1.500 hours and i really enjoy it. Keep it up Valve.
Best game of me    
i like this game
^.^
Very Recommended game for all people
This game is better than the others  But it's been like 4 years since I have played dota 2 and I think the matchmaking is a little G.G because this is my new id and on my previous id I was 4.5on solo queue but as I went on playing I got rekt by 5-6solo queue players so if someone could help me with this it would be nice :3 .....
1000 hours playing and i'm still suck - Gabe Nwell, 2019
love it
like this..!!
Full of smurfs, matchmaking really sucks not friendly for newbies
Не затянуло
Roses are Red, Violets are Blue. Everyone will Die, And so this Game.  Hahhh! Dead Game!!!
One of the best games I have played on pc. And u will soon get addicted to it.
I love playing Dota2.
SEA DOTO = BEST DOTO
its nice game
GOOD OLD DAYS
Nice!
Recommended game for everyone. No flaws and every update makes it better, "free-to-play" game and only available on steam. Good game but not the best for those who have no background in other MMORPG games.
Awesome
ggwp! its a nice game . not for kids! A player must really focus and game and should be alert throughout the game ! The game itself has good graphics and can run any wooden pc! ty 
wewe
soon kg kwar
cool
8/8
Great job ICE FROG!!
>be me >have played dota for 3 years >love the community >full of SEA pinoy cancer >laugh at people who play League >patch 7.00 comes out >Dota 2 now become LoL2 >get cancer >become the cancer itself   5/7 would be League of Legends 3
dota 2 is good  
dota 2 > league ;D
Nice game, GGWP
TEST
Like this 
good game for strategy 5 vs 5
NICE AND ADDICTING GAME 
walalala
Ggwp
amazing
Very nice maderpaker
GG Valve only want money
dadadada
Very heroic and enjoyable to play
Best game in the world
Mantap DJiwa 
good
Addicted
Nice game!
gg wp...
good game !
A very exciting game. Ez newbs
nice game
Play dota 2 depend on your age. If you're an adult... Get a job, seriously wake up from reality
Addicted
 nice game! but so many cancer
qwertyuiop
Good game
haha
Do not play this game! I sweer this game is a drug. Once you played, you can never stop
It's awesome
Nice.
its life
SO STUPID GAME
I like this one volvo game
yawaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
my favorite game ever
i got leave tho i never leaved the game it happend twice wjats going on
This game is fun and full of salt. Highly recommended
NC GAME!!!!! 
This game so good
This game is awesome if you actually learn to play it good, that you wont just die all the time.
good
10/10. Giff arcana plsz volvo lel.
Feb 25, 2017  i ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ hate this game 10 / 10  makes me want to blow my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ brains out everytime i see spanish in chat  dota rata  January 1/1/2024  I still ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ hate this game
GGWP!
this game sucks absolute ♥♥♥♥
Roading to 4k :D
Xyu
Ntap
ggwp
Dota is very interesting game
Number wahid habibi
Free game. Wasn't a huge fan. Elitist community.
ddsz
very great games
Jangan di coba pasti ketagiha!LUL
for the badge xd
Do not play this. It's too addictive and take too much of your time
50% Self-harm, 50% telling total strangers to kill themselves.
Dota 2 in a song. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DohRa9lsx0Q
SO addictic to this game >_<
My name sums up rank games
Lol  
roll
Amazing 
wowwwwww
This game is now really ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥,but REALLY. This valve or stupid persons from VALVE just all time change this awesome game,now game is really FUNNY, BKB we cant work (wtf?) all spells and blade mail work when is bkb open,really? what the ♥♥♥♥ its wrong with you GUYS VALVE? this game is DEAD. i'm real and normal person,i'm playing dota2 (2 year and more) and i know what i talking,before 2015 or winter 2016 year,is really good game,normal game..i will delete game now thank you valve bastards persons.  valve love money,valve dont love when people want really enjoy and real game. its all DEAD.
nc
This Game So Good 
10/10. Avoid reality game.
456456
What a joke
:d
nice game 
2017 :D stell the best 
nice game
good game everrr
IT'S IT'S VERY GOOD GAME AND I LOVED IT
This is a good game
i can not open my dota 2 amfffff pls help
your cut scene in opening game so broken always blackscreen not responding, delete cut scene is better
Good game for wasting your time...
When i update my dota2 and leave it becuase i cant finish to download it, it was over 53%, then when i go back to finish the update, it suddenly goes back to 43% then the next day it goes 23% to 13% and now its 8% how can i fix this?
bakit hindi nag papatch dota 2 ko ang dami kasing alam ng mga gumawa ng dota 2 na yan wahahahaha
For crying out loud you gave peru there own server, but i cant get a game in us east or us west that isnt full of them.  we want region locked servers please.
Ta uma merda a atualização, contcto o suporte steam e eles nada, pessimos.
♥♥♥♥ !!!!!!!!!!!!
so good
It's Ok.
I like this game. It is deep and requires team communication.  But as I am a player from Europe I can´t enjoy this game anymore. This is cus of all the russian a**holes in the games and in the community. Eventhou you choose only to pick games from west europe you still get all this trash.  Please make a russian server only and I will concider starting to play again. Thank you.
ggwp 
good!
Nice game!
sad game
cured my depression by giving me anxiety 10/10 would recommend
nc
addict
very fun
its a good game 
nice
Awesome Game I have ever played..
spend my time for playing this game
+
its ok,i put some hours into this game
Worth it.......is fun........
All my great Americans we need to build a firewall in US Server East and West and keep the Mexicans out.   Make Dota II great again!
<3
gOOD GAME
.
bew
.
good
I LOVE THIS GAME
RIP MMR system   MMR 2895 never forgot  ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ
Doesen't have camera lock, has wierd and difficult to understand training, things you have to learn alone and nobody tells you about.
This game is a time waster, don't even play it  It'll suck the soul of anyone playing it. I know, I've seen it with my own eyes, friends gone missing, playing DOTO 24/7   It's a cruel... cruel mistress this game is....
good game play
ckyka blyat and putang ina mo
gg
Trade hold ... Only....
tag
blah blah blah
Nice Game!
BEST GAME EVER! -BestGrapic -SkiLL To Win  And Many More
its so fun
Sucks your time and the life out of you. It has the most toxic community, and the game is built to make you tilt. If you want to have a life and stay positive, do yourself a favor and stay away from this game.
this game is cool invite me
This Gme Very Good.I like It:) :):)
Awesome game
best game <3
G0OD
i got it installed now it says to install again 3rd time this ♥♥♥♥ happend wtf steam?
loved it <3
good game good well play
play dota brooohh
GGWP NICE GAME
awesome
The game itself is good—there’s definitely fun to be had—but like anything, it’s not perfect. I’ve seen firsthand that it can be hacked using well-known programs like Umbrella,Melonity and Hake.me. That really hurts the experience, especially in competitive play.  The reporting system also feels very frustrating. It seems that players can report you simply because they don’t like you or because you didn’t play the way they wanted. There doesn’t seem to be much review or fairness in how those reports are handled.  Matchmaking is another issue. It allows brand-new accounts, even ones using cheats, to be quickly matched with high-level players. That’s not only unfair but also ruins the balance. For example, I recently had 5 losses and only 2 wins in matches that felt extremely one-sided.  Right now, the game feels like it’s balanced somewhere between “complete chaos” and “genuine fun.” I really hope these issues are taken seriously and improved over time, because the core gameplay has potential. cheaters in this match 8343448369  cheaters in this match 8344740320 cheaters in this match 8347800998 cheaters in this match 8347834733 cheaters in this match 8347893732 cheaters in this match 8347955870 cheaters in this match 8348130556 cheaters in this match 8349284346 cheaters in this match 8351550374 cheaters in this match 8351604559 MEGA cheaters in this match 8413304541 ULTRA! cheaters in this match 8630597767  MEGA!
So funny, items so great.
rage quit gg
ene dota yagad bolohgui bga yum be  
GGWP!!
a lot toxic player , this game can train your patient
GOOD GAME WELL PLAYED
no game no life
like
gave me aids
okey
I'm migrate from Dota 1 to now in Dota 2, still the best game so far i've been playing. For your more information Dota 2 have massive of changes which including new hero and game play... now there are extra shire which nearby your farming area to heal / regeneration.  You must try to play at least 10 games to understand what it is all about. Love Dota2 !
If you're looking for a game review you've come to the wrong place. But if youre looking for a fantastic ravioli recipe you've come to the right place.  Ingredients - To Make the Dough 375 grams (3 cups) plain flour 1/2 teaspoon salt 2 eggs 1/4 cup (50 ml / 3½ tablespoons) olive oil 1/2 cup (120 ml / 8 tablespoons) water Extra flour for dusting    - To Make Cheese Filling 15 ounces (425 grams) container Ricotta cheese 5 ounces (142 g/about 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons) "3 Cheese Italian Blend" (Parmesan, Romano & Asiago) Note: grate these cheeses yourself and create your own custom blend. 1/2 cup cheddar cheese 2 eggs, lightly beaten 1/2 teaspoon salt 1/2 teaspoon pepper   - Extras Your favorite sauce for the ravioli (i.e. marinara/ marijuana) Parmesan cheese Basil Fried vegetables Shrimp Fish slices Chicken pieces  Make the Ravioli filling.  - In a small mixing bowl, add the ricotta and mash with a fork. - Add in the 3-cheese blend, Cheddar cheese, eggs, salt, and pepper. - Mix all ingredients thoroughly until you have a smooth, paste-like consistency. - Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and place it in the refrigerator for about 30 minutes.   Make the Ravioli dough.  - Crack eggs into a large mixing bowl and beat them with a fork. Add water, oil, and salt. Mix. - Add 1 cup flour to the bowl. Use a fork to mix the flour with the eggs, water, oil, and salt. Repeat with the rest of the flour. Mix until a smooth dough is formed. - Clear and clean off a large work surface and dust it with flour. This is where you are going to roll out your dough. - Take the dough out of the mixing bowl, shape it into a ball, and place it on your work surface. Knead for at least 10 minutes or until it becomes elastic. - Dust a rolling pin with flour to prevent the dough from sticking. Roll out the dough until it is about 1/8 inch (1/3 cm) thick, or about the thickness of 2 stacked quarters. - With a cookie cutter or upside-down water glass, cut out circles in the dough (will make about 15-20 dough circles). - Ball up the unused dough and either roll it out and make a couple more raviolis, or wrap it and put in the freezer for another time. Dough can keep for weeks when frozen. Just make sure to wrap well so that it doesn’t suffer from freezer burn or absorb freezer odor.   Fill the Ravioli shells.  - Take the ravioli filling out of the refrigerator and place a tablespoon of it in middle of a dough. - Fill a small bowl with water, dip your fingers in, and moisten around the outer edge of the dough circle. - Fold the dough in half over the filling, making a half-moon shape. Be sure all the filling stays inside. Pinch the edges together and then seal the edges of the ravioli with a fork. Make sure to press firmly and go all the way around. This will add a “homemade” touch as well. - Repeat this process for all your dough circles. - Dust the finished ravioli with flour to keep them from sticking together.   Form the Shells and Fill Using a Ravioli maker.  - Roll the dough into two sheets - Place one sheet on the ravioli maker, and form the filling cups. - Fill with the ravioli mixture. - Lay the second sheet of dough on top, and roll it out. This will seal in the filling. - Remove and separate the finished raviolis.  Cook the Ravioli.  - Fill a large pot with water and bring to a boil. - Place the ravioli in boiling water for 5-6 minutes, or until they float. You can also test for doneness by nibbling on the edges to test. - If you don't want to make all the ravioli at one time, you can freeze the rest  - Take ravioli out of boiling water with large slotted spoon and place on warmed plates  Serve it up. Top with your favorite sauce, grate some fresh cheese over it, and enjoy the Formuoli
The game is great and fun This review has NOTHING to do with half life 3  But there are heroes that are broken  this is why i kind of do not like the game  Slark and Riki are the two of the most bull heroes that are broken  And also the game is kinda stupid. IF you have bad internet DONT PLAY THIS GAME, cause when you dissconect it will give u an abbandon. ALL BECAUSE OF YOUR INTERNET.  BTW eve n if you want to play with bots. THEY ARE ALL STUPID. BOTS ON YOUR TEAM FEED WHILE THE ENEMY TEAM's BOTS ARE NORMAL?????? VALVE PLS FIX  The people updating dota 2 made heroes that are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ,EVEN MORE ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ SO GREAT JOB GABEN "FAIR AND BALANCED" LOLOLOL WHAT A ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ JOKE  the worse thing is, once you start as a newbie YOU WILL BE FACED WITH SMURFS OR 8K MMR PLAYERS AND ONCE YOU REACHED 1 YEARS EFFORT ON THIS GAME YOU WILL BE PITTED AGAINST 9K MMR PLAYERS AND UR TEAM IS LIKE -1Kmmr  if you are "lucky" and players that are better than -1kmmr players then you have players that play supports as carries and is impossible to win
this is my life
nice...
Good game
MY LIFE
Fun but stressful at the same time.
I love this game but I wish I had an arcana .. thank you for making this game.
Best Game ever,  4  Years playing it , so good ! :D
Strategic and teamplay game
Game ruined my life yo. 
very good game lots of freindly player easy way to make freinds
nice game 
If you ever thought that getting hit by Morgana Q binding was the most boring and awful experience you could have in a MOBA, prepare for the rollercoaster of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ also known as Dota 2 where every second ability is a 10 second point and click stun.
Best game ever.
Cancer but still playing....
noobsss
Pain
life keeper
I'm addicted to this game lol
Dota 2
Dota 2 is hard, but there's a huge reward for those who commit. On the surface, the game is a like-for-like reproduction of the genre-creating (and still updated) Defense of the Ancients modification for Warcraft III, now transferred into Valve's Source engine. The game's punishing design is sometimes enough to drive you up the wall, but it's worth sticking the hours in: success in Dota 2 is about learning to effectively juggle both the broad strokes and finer details.  If you're not aware of the basics of the burgeoning MOBA genre, two teams of five players spawn on corners of a map. Each team needs to work together with the goal of ultimately destroying a central structure--in Dota 2's case, the Ancient--in the opposing team's base. With most games lasting around the 40-minute mark, and occasionally edging past an hour, watching the enemy fortress dramatically crumble and sink to the ground feels like an exhilarating payoff.  Aiding these two teams, named the Radiant and the Dire, are waves of AI assistants, called creeps. Batches of creeps spawn at 30-second intervals and charge merrily up the map's three pathways. In the clumps of remaining land lies a jungle, where numerous AI opponents spawn, offering lucrative benefits to players who take them on successfully. Finally, and in a bid to stop both teams from simply marching into one another's base, each team gets three powerful towers on each lane that easily shred through enemy players at the start of the game.  Your individual ability to control and affect the rhythm of the game comes from how well you handle your hero. You mostly control a single unit in Dota 2, though there are exceptions: some heroes can summon controllable allies, such as bears, gargoyle babies, or wolves; one exceptionally versatile hero can split into three; and one item lets you take control of certain creeps. For each rule in Dota 2's impressive house-of-cards design, there's usually at least one character who completely ignores it, or finds a way around it via one of 130-odd items available from the in-match shop. For instance, try negating magic attacks with the black king bar, returning damage with the blade mail, or pounding out two ultimate abilities in quick succession with a refresher orb.  The aim for most players is to accumulate as much gold and experience as possible, with income being delivered mostly by scoring the killing blow on enemy creeps and players. It's almost always easier to gang up on stray enemies as a group, which is why it's rarely a good idea to run about on your own. Then it's a case of splashing all your hard-earned money on some ultra-powerful items from the shop, while levelling up your base stats and abilities, and then clobbering the enemy team into submission via a few five-versus-five team fights. Rarely does it feel that simple, however.  At the time of writing, 102 of the original Dota's 112 heroes have made their way into the sequel. Each hero has a handful of unique abilities and generally works best in a specific role, such as supporting other players as Omniknight, roaming around the map looking for opportunistic kills as Spirit Breaker, or evolving throughout the course of the game into an all-powerful vehicle of carnage and destruction as Phantom Assassin.  There's only one map, unlike in many other MOBA titles, although Valve has not ruled out the addition of more over time, and has previously offered game-changing modes with seasonal events at Halloween and Christmas. But Dota 2's single sprawling map sets itself apart from the competition by being larger, more intricate, and packed with greater detail than the rest of the genre. Unlike in League of Legends, the jungle area is riddled with far more tangling pathways, the lanes feature additional shops selling exclusive items, and savvy players are given more opportunities to use the environment to hide, flee, and ambush their opponents.  Often the game's dizzying scale is seen as off-putting or simply too complex, but the truth of Dota is that it can be entertaining as a new player to just sit down and let all those extraneous factors play out around you. Getting down to the brass tacks of the game with a group of like-minded friends is a lot of fun: start by buying your characters' recommended items, try your best not to get caught out of position, and get into the habit of buying observer wards. And watch out for Riki.  As you'd expect from Valve, this is a beautifully presented game, with the Half-Life and Portal maker running victory laps around its competition in terms of UI, voice acting, and showing how to deftly add real personality to its characters. Only recently has the developer turned its attention to gently easing new players into the proceedings, however, and even now, mastering the basics feels like learning to swim by jumping in at the deep end. Efforts are being made to remedy this, though: right now there are a couple of tutorial levels, some well-designed AI bots, and a newbie playlist that restricts hero selection to just 20 of the most frequently picked characters. And with community-created hero guides now built directly into the game itself, Dota 2 is much easier to get started with than it has been in the past.  Play a match every evening for a couple of weeks, and you start to see how Dota 2's wealth of disparate systems and mechanics combine into their own harmony, and you begin to understand how there are hundreds of elements that affect the game. Dota 2 is a tense war of accumulation and attrition. The biggest problem, which is coincidentally where the real excitement of the game lies, comes from struggling to process and interpret dozens upon dozens of mitigating circumstances while simultaneously trying to keep your cool.  It is a complicated and exhausting game, and for the first few weeks, it's challenging just keeping up with the general rhythm of a match. But invest enough time into Dota 2, and you develop an almost unconscious ability to keep up with the game--performing actions such as sending the slightly fiddly in-game courier over to the faraway "secret" shop to get some rare items, for instance. After a couple of hundred hours of Dota 2, what once felt like spinning plates just happens automatically.  While Dota 2 has transferred the core of the original Dota into a cleaner, modern engine, the fact remains that losing is uniquely painful. Death in Dota 2 not only gives your opponent money, but robs you of some of your own and leaves you waiting up to a minute to respawn. By the time you've trudged back across the game's massive map--or spent money on a teleportation scroll--your opponent is now stronger and richer. Die two or three times in quick succession, which is easily done, and a match of Dota becomes a painful experience where you spend the next half hour getting bullied by an increasingly superior enemy. Other games in the genre have tried to mitigate this punishment, but Dota 2 positively revels in its complexities. The rich just get richer.  The original Dota was an unexpectedly powerful blend of clashing genres and disparate elements that ended up taking over the world, and Valve's successor retains the original rules and characters while adding in a cheery free-to-play model and slick production values. The experience of playing Dota changes day by day--some evenings will be exhilarating, while others will kick your morale to the curb--but there are few games as worthy of your time investment as this. Those who choose to commit to Dota 2 will find many happy hours within this immaculate update. 
im having so much fun about this game
I love dota 2
Years later update. Community is still the worst. Game is fine. Buying cool stuff is too expensive. If you like 5v5 MOBA its the best.
saltier than the dead sea
👍👍👍👍👍
Really nice game, fun to play. I recommend this :D
Cool Game
i cant dowload can you help me pls  
This game is awesome, o love playing vs another 9 players instead playing agains computer. i play hours every day and never get borred
Toxtic team-m8, disconnect when the game starts, its still funny to play riki and ♥♥♥ them XD
Цитирую: "Ты не сможешь уснуть пока не будешь уверен, что твоя мама в надежных руках." Это все что нужно знать об этой игре, сама она супер, но ужасное комьюнити ставит на всем крест, людей токсичнее, чем тут надо еще найти, худо-бедно слегка ситуацию исправляют рейтинговые матчи, а так место игры на свалке, как и тех кто туда заходит периодически.  Окончательно сломали систему подбора игроков, напротяжении 10 игр в подборку закидывало отборных овощей, с учетом моей высокой порядочности, игроки принципиально сливают игры. Выбираю быть натуралом и активно ухожу в Форзу, что и Вам советую, раки в чане спокойно сварятся и без Вас.  ⣴⠖⠲⣆⢰⣆⠀⣴⠂⡆⢀⣴⠆⠀⣰⣦⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀⢻⣾⠃⠀⡷⢾⡅⠀⢠⣟⣸⡆⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠻⠦⠴⠏⠀⠴⠏⠀⠀⠇⠀⠻⠦⠿⠉⠉⠻⠄     ⣴⠖⠲⣆⢰⣆⠀⣴⠂⡆⢀⣴⠆⠀⣰⣦⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀⢻⣾⠃⠀⡷⢾⡅⠀⢠⣟⣸⡆⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠻⠦⠴⠏⠀⠴⠏⠀⠀⠇⠀⠻⠦⠿⠉⠉⠻⠄ ⣴⠖⠲⣆⢰⣆⠀⣴⠂⡆⢀⣴⠆⠀⣰⣦⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀⢻⣾⠃⠀⡷⢾⡅⠀⢠⣟⣸⡆⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠻⠦⠴⠏⠀⠴⠏⠀⠀⠇⠀⠻⠦⠿⠉⠉⠻⠄
This game is nice. I like it
Dota is a nice game 👍🏻
It's very enjoyable.
omg
Dota 2 is a game like League of Legends for Steam !
Kut spel Kappa 
Best game of my life 
<3
Addictive
Gege
good game
..
...
Arteezy is the reason why i play this game
HMMMM AHH I LOVE THE SMELL OF FRESH TOXICITY IN THE MORNING. BUT STILL A GOOD GAME THO JUST NEED TO CLIMB ABOVE RANK AND BYE2  
Wana learn russian with no cost, your in the right place
a
greatest game ever
Out of 700k players.. the queeu takes forever 
ONE OF THE GREATEST GAMES!!!!
My Life
the best moba game
this sucks. xddddddddddddddddddddd get ♥♥♥♥♥♥!
FIX FIND MATCH. ITS BEEN 30 mins
hahahah
Good game
Best game just need a name in custom games Mens arcade
good game
great game, ignore toxic people and enjoy. pro scene is awesome!
Aggressive cancer simulator of the decade, as long as you don't get matched with russians.  Play on US servers instead, no russians ther- OH FÛCK MY TEAM IS FULL OF FILTHY MEXICANS
Very2 good
So ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ addictive
good game..
updates and pings and ragers dota 2 life :v
very unique and passion
Dota 2 is blossoming with Talent
i like to play dota until patch 7.00 came now this game give me cancer and make me become salty player
Playing this game makes u feel low. not playin this game also makes u feel low. if u are happy then dont play this game some random sea guy will sure like 100% make u feel low also some random dude will make ur day thsi game is fkin messed up play at ur own risk tc gg gn
Best game of allllll the time
very good
hi
So goood!! 100/100 
♥♥♥♥ dota
Worst community ever, consisting  inadequate animals and kids.
awesome
Its a nice game
im pro at this game hehe
nice
good
i have 7k time ply. dont ply dota
this game gave me love life lol
after all MOBA games, this isthe one
GG
2000+ hour? wtf
To be honest, I only got this game to test out the new Hammer. I don't really enjoy these types of games and I don't have much experience with them. So I'll rate it a thumbs up, I guess. 
yeah yeah !
Poes cool 
The best game
best game ever!!!<3<3<3
Ez
i love it
recommend
Every 60 seconds that pass in this game, a minute passes in real life.
Best in class! xD
 cool game, I advise everyone to
GG!
haha
Muie codrinel muie dota
Good Game
DOTA IS DEAD. IF U CAME FROM DOTA 1 AND WANTS TO COME TO DOTA 2 BECAUSE YOU THINK IT'S THE SAME WELL THINK AGAIN AND STAY AWAY
ok
Good game
Without dota life is nothing
It's nice
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. I JUST PRESSED A BUTTON ON MY KEYBOARD AND THE LOUDEST SOUND I EVER HEARD IN MY LIFE BLASTEST OUT OF MY HEADPHONES. IT WAS THE VIOLIN INSTRUMENT, BUT GLITCHED UP AND PRODUCED 100,000,000 DECIBELS OF WHITE NOISE. IT SCARED THE ♥♥♥♥ OUT OF ME. I JUMPED 3 FEET IN THE AIR. DOWNLOAD AT YOUR OWN RISK. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED.
Best game ever  <3
.
Wow!
If you like MOBAs you've found one, but don't expect to be blown away. Only one map and a whole lot of monotony. Add that to the cancerous community and you have a recipe for mediocrity. Call this thing League of Legends Lite... and even that is giving it too much credit.
good game in the world
game ganteng.
very good
This is a nice game , I LOVE IT !!!
ntap
ddd
Good Game
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Good game
♥♥♥♥ this game so noob ass hel 
game nhu loz theo loi` viet voi kubo
nc 
HAVE PROBLEMS WITH AMD RX 7800XT FPS IS CAPPED
The worst game I've ever played in my entire ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ life. 
good game
Easy to learn the basic of how to play this game but require a high degree of skill to master some complicated heroes.
great game
This game's "tutorial" pits you against impossible challenges immediately after teaching you the camera controls XD Such a disconnect! There's a bazillion items and tons of text to read on each one, we're talking 1-3 paragraphs, before you can become even good enough to beat the beginner of beginner bots....this game is incredibly uninviting and I have no desire to watch hours of tutorials to compete against a bunch of people online.  The closest comparison I can think of is Minecraft. That didn't even have any tutorial, but it was fun to discover and explore and your own pace and the enemies were tough, but manageable.
Please put another girl character and it is an assin with a red hood please
Great game to spent your time with your parties.
Gg
100/10 SO ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ NICE GAME
game hay lắm haha
recommended this game
Beast
this game is trash
sometimes dota give me brain cancer
Slardog
i love this game, however the only issue is. I noticed that support doesn't have a contact number. Its hard to purchase items, even though I got money on my steam wallet.
this is a really exciting game of strategies and teamwork towards victory!
iwhoif
This game better then it should be.
.
Make my day :)
Nice game
Definitely a good moba game do try it for a change you will be addicted also there are many toxic people so ignore them
This game is addicting but has gotten hella dumb.
Its alright
gg
It Automatically Uninstalls your game.....
Well Played
I love this game, it is one of the best games for pc. I buy plenty of add ons for the game and this is the first time I made a purchase and It charge my account and not give me what I paid for. I still want the bundle but it's not showing up in my inventory.
321312
FAIR GAME
GG
Noob Game -2 points on the cool scale
ok lang.
alright...
Nice game.
Love this game
gg
Nice for me
The most best MOBA Game Ever!
ADDICT
This is one of the best strategy game to play with friend
Best MOBA game ever. Balanced heroes and items. Highly recommended that you play with your friends.
### **An Existential Review of Dota 2: Or, Hell is Other Teammates**  One does not simply *play* Dota 2. One is condemned to it. This digital artifact, presented as a “free-to-play game,” is in truth a meticulously crafted simulation of the human condition in its most agonizing and absurd form. It is a universe where freedom is absolute, yet one’s essence is perpetually defined—and nullified—by the relentless gaze of four allies and five enemies. To log into Steam and queue for a match is to willingly enter a state of profound existential commitment, from which there is no early exit without moral and numeric penalty.  **I. The Weight of Choice and the Abyss of Picking**  The torment begins not in battle, but in the draft. The player is presented with over a hundred heroes, each a distinct set of possibilities and limitations. This is not freedom, but the vertigo of choice. To “Random” a selection is an act of bad faith, a fleeing from one’s responsibility to define oneself within the team’s composition, rewarded with trivial consumables as a bribe for abdication. In the Ranked All Pick mode, this drama becomes a social performance. One votes to banish a hero into the void of the ban list, projecting one’s anxieties onto the anonymous Other. The picks are hidden, a tense theatre where choosing the same hero as another results in a shared negation—a tiny, absurd conflict of consciousnesses before the game even begins.  The game offers modes that promise relief from this burden, but they are illusions. In Single Draft, one’s agency is reduced to a choice between four predetermined ontological categories (Strength, Agility, Intelligence, Universal). In All Random, one’s being is assigned by a blind, uncaring system. These are not respites, but stark revelations: whether chosen or assigned, one is *thrown* into a role for which one may be fundamentally unsuited. The hero is not a vehicle for expression, but a facticity one must embody, often inauthentically.  **II. Being-Toward-Death (of the Ancient)**  The match itself is a slow, collective suicide pact. The stated goal—to destroy the opposing “Ancient”—is a meaningless telos, a MacGuffin that legitimizes fifty minutes of mutually assured frustration. The true project is the ceaseless struggle to define oneself through action while being fundamentally *de trop* for one’s teammates.  Consider the core mechanics, which are designed to manufacture anguish. The practice of “denying”—killing one’s own AI units to starve the opponent—is a profound metaphor. It is an act of negative creation, a destruction of one’s own resources to negate the Other’s gain. It renders the laning phase a nihilistic economy where value is derived from absence. Furthermore, upon death, a hero not only ceases to be but is *robbed*, a portion of its accumulated gold stripped away. This is not a setback; it is a phenomenological reduction. One’s projects (to buy a pivotal item) are actively dismantled by the Other, making death not a mere interruption but an ontological theft.  The community speaks of a “steep learning curve”. This is a euphemism. The newcomer is not learning; they are drowning in a sea of pre-constituted knowledge—item builds, hero counters, secret “pull timers” never explained by the game itself. This knowledge forms the *They-self* of Dota 2, an anonymous, oppressive body of tradition that the player must internalize to be seen as legitimate. To be new is to be perpetually in the wrong, one’s very being a source of irritation for the Others who have submitted to the rules.  **III. The Gaze of the Other and the Toxicity of Us**  It is here we arrive at the central truth of Dota 2, perfectly encapsulating my famous phrase: **Hell is other people**. The game’s architecture is a machine for producing this hell. Four other consciousnesses are shackled to your fate, their freedom a permanent threat to your own. A teammate’s poor decision (a “feed”) is not a mistake; it is a violation of your shared project, an imposition of their flawed freedom upon your own. The chat wheel, the pings, the purchase of a “Sentinel Ward”—these are not communications, but instruments of mutual objectification. You are, for your teammate, the “idiot carry” or the “useless support.” You are frozen in their judgment.  Valve, playing the role of a indifferent demiurge, attempts to manage this hell with behavioral systems and matchmaking. But this only adds another layer of abstraction to the conflict. The “report” function is not justice; it is the bureaucraticization of resentment. One’s conduct score becomes a numerical representation of one’s being-for-others, a public quantification of your desirability as a co-condemned soul.  And what of the promised escapes? Turbo Mode, with its accelerated gold and weakened towers, is a capitalist parody of happiness—all reward, no stakes, a hollow frenzy that only highlights the meaninglessness of the original struggle. To play against bots is to engage in a sterile pantomime, where the Other’s resistance is a predictable fiction, offering no threat and therefore no authentic engagement.  **IV. Conclusion: The Flicker of Freedom in the Trench**  Yet, in this very absurdity, a terrible, exhilarating freedom persists. For all its oppressive structures, Dota 2 offers a field of action that is relentlessly *pure*. With all heroes free and no gameplay advantage for sale, the playing field is existentially level. Victory and defeat are distilled to the actions taken within the match. In a single, perfect team fight—a coordinated eruption of spells where five consciousnesses briefly align as one—there is a transcendence. It is a fleeting moment of “being-for-itself-in-a-team,” where individual projects are subsumed into a collective, victorious project.  This moment is the bait in the trap. It is the reason millions return daily to this “ocean-deep pool of rewarding nuance and strategy”, to this “modern multiplayer masterpiece” that is also a factory of misery. Dota 2 does not offer fun. It offers *significance*. It makes every decision, every last hit, every death feel agonizingly weighty. It forces you to exist, conspicuously and consequentially, in the eyes of others.  Therefore, I cannot recommend Dota 2, nor can I advise against it. It simply *is*. A brutal, beautiful, and utterly sincere monument to the conflict at the heart of existence. To play it is to understand that in a universe devoid of inherent meaning, we create our own meaning—and often, we do so by desperately trying to destroy the meaning-making project of the strangers on the other side of the river. You will lose gold. You will lose time. You may lose your equanimity. But for those who persist, you will, in the process, confront the stark, thrilling burden of your own freedom. Now, if you will excuse me, my team needs a support.
nice game valve
Cool
It would have been good but the peruvian takeover happened and now im constantly fighting a war of sanity with myself and my teamates send help. 
i just got hooked
Must Play Game of all time if one likes strategic and team games.
competitive game
Melhor MOBA que vi até hoje, com quase 3000 horas de jogo, digo que o Dota já foi melhor, o jogo em si, é muito bom, gráficos bons, jogabilidade boa, roda em qualquer pc, até nos mais fraquinhos, mas como nem tudo são flores, aos que não jogam ainda e pensam em começar a jogar Dota é bom que comecem com amigos e fechem sempre uma PT com 5 players, pois a comunidade do jogo é um LIXO, sim, um LIXO, e isso vale pra todos os servers, seja BR, ou US, peruanos, argentinos e os próprios BR's estragam o game por coisa besta...todo mundo querendo ser HC, nego trolando o game logo de cara.  Se eu recomendo? Sim, caso você feche uma pt com 5 amigos e joguem numa boa, do contrário é só estress esse jogo, comunidade tóxica, lixo, não presta, faz você literalmente sentar na frente do pc e querer desinstalar o jogo, pois deixa de ser algo divertido, um passa tempo, algo prazeroso, pra ser algo extremamente estressante, o que infelizmente, a Valve, não faz nada pra resolver...  COMUNIDADE DO DOTA É LIXO!!!
eew
trash game trash community trash dev trash players
A game which takes entire puberty to master !
+
<3
THE BEST GAME EVER HAVE I PLAY 
Really fun MOBA game!!!
gg~
.
Nice
ggwpez
I like
Best game
I only played one half of a match of dota 2. It was the worst experience ever. Go play League of Legends instead its better!
yihaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
weleh weleh
åpj 
Yes, its ok (y) ♥♥♥♥ this ♥♥♥♥ this game stinks
This is a game for all times. After the first try out, it becomes addictive.
....
Very good game!
wonderful place to dig down and bury your future mate...i buried mine and I FEEL GOOD!!!
♥♥♥♥
dasdasdasdas
Hardest game.
this is good game..make me to be more hard thinking person to manage a good strategy to win the game and i can find more friend from different country,
Hmm
You know laa 😂😂😂
˛.°★。˛ °.★** *★* *˛. ˛ °_██_*。*./ \ .˛* .˛.*.★ ˛. (´• ̮•)*˛°*/.♫.♫\*˛.* ˛_Π_____. * ˛* .°( . • . ) ˛°./• '♫ ' •\.˛*./______/~＼*. ˛*.。˛* ˛. *。 *(...'•'.. ) *˛╬╬╬╬╬˛°.｜田田 ｜門｜╬╬╬╬ . ¯˜"*°••°*"˜¯`´¯˜"*°••°*"˜¯`¬´¯˜"*°´¯˜"*°••°*"˜¯` ℳ𝒆𝓻𝓻𝔂 𝓒𝓱𝓻𝓲𝓼𝓽𝓶𝓪𝓼 Bayonut!
Realy like this game 
GUUUD !!!!!
i never stop playing this game
Good game
cool
hay tuyet
....
[table]     [tr]         [th]Indian phrases[/th]         [th]English phrases[/th]     [/tr]     [tr]         [td]betichod[/td]         [td]welcome my daughter![/td]     [/tr]     [tr]         [td]teri maa ki chut[/td]         [td]Good day to ya![/td]     [/tr]     [tr]         [td]chutiya[/td]         [td]I feel quite good today.[/td]     [/tr] [/table]
i rate doto 9/11
good
good game
BEST GAME IVE EVER PLAYED...
the best <3 <3
sdaadaddsad
Dota 2 is probably the best online game I've ever played. I've been playing Dota 1, both online and offline, and it took some time before I tried Dota 2. But when I tried Dota 2, I immediately decided to stick with the game.  For Dota 1 players, you will find transitioning from Dota 1 to Dota 2 quite easy since Dota 2 is very much like Dota 1 although significantly improved. The game is as exciting as Dota 1 since players will have to use their wits and skills to beat their opponents in battle.   This game will test not only your hand and eye coordination but also your ability to make quick decisions and good strategies. And because you will have to work with different players in your team with varying personalities, you will ultimately learn or acquire valuable traits like patience, leadership and the quality of being a teamplayer.  Therefore, for me, this game deserves 5 stars!
Nice :)))))))
I play dota just for memes although its just wasting time
i love this game. it gives me motivition to work fast so i can play.
awesome
My favourite game, please bug fixing from the single draft i getting abnormal environment in current patch
Dota is Life :)
This is a godd game,I'm really like this game. but,I haven't more item....gaben,please give me more hero item, and map free. everyday I play Dota 2, but I never get item...😧
Nice
Ruined my life
icant see my dota2 in library but steam say dota2 is akready in the steam
:(
LIKED: i like this game cause i injoy to much DISLIKE: the update to long
THE PROBLEMS ARE RULES !!! GAMES SHOULD HAVE NO RULE AT ALL !!  BECAUSE IT IS ENTERTERTAINMENT NOT A POLITICAL ISSUE OR GAME IS NOT A COURT !!! if you wanna play rules free matches just go to LOBBY games thanks all ! Dota 2 is good..
So happy when i get +25 ..
nc game
just dont play
Very nice game...
Awsome!!
if any one has dota 2 SNOW WEATHER EFFECT please trade me for other items if u need from me...
MMORPG k
I think the game is very good!
awesome game, cancerous community.
Nice game, ultra grapic :)
 (y)
nice game .. one of the best moba game in the  world !!
Ver addictive nd good game 
♥♥♥♥ i cant download this game
i love this game so much!!
Ever since I muted all of my teamates and the enemy team. Game suddenly became 1000X better :)
luv it ♥♥♥♥♥♥
nice 
It's a great game to play, but only if you do so with your friends. The game mechanic is hard to learn, but  worth the effort. The only thing you should avoid is the community, because it is pure cancer.
good good good bad but good
The Opposing team Is toxic whether or not they are winning or losing.
Good to play with friends for fun xD
Nothing problem good work  
bawok
Hope Templar Assasin will be more bestfriend on the trap
Patches 7.00+ gave me cancer
ruined my life
Бан на 19 лет,збс Обновлю когда разбанят
Free to play
If you want cancer for free,you're on the right place sir.
Hahaha
THIS IS ADDICT GAMING
Dota is graphically the best MOBA game available but only play if you wanna play with the worst teammates :/
Nice
Pretty good  
yes
I like this game so much Want to party?  Just invite me 358802405
I play this because im bored :)
10/10
GUUD GAYM ahaha I mean Good Game
I'd literally rather surrender to the French than play this game. If Hitler gave me the choice to either service every single soldier of the Third Reich orally, or play DotA2 for a single match, I'd probably take him up on his most generous offer.
addicting :D
hi 
Too good to be truth :) 
.
very nice and good playing strategy game, the best real time strategy game i've ever played.
GG
Best game ever
Follow me <3
Addictive😂😂
 Good game
bad matchmaking, community, and even player you met that start yelling and bad mouth about how your play this great game.
Very good gam, i play this gam since 2014, but im still play this game and not boring. This game teach us to work with team not solo, know rolling and not SELFIESH. But this game now too many update each day,  But overall this game play is unique and funny
Nice one ever but want also not update again and again in a whole day
this is very good game, the best moba game in the world id like to play this game with my friend but they never play again
This game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ awesome! Play this game and you'll never regret it
dota is life bruh.
nice game
paking everyday updates and dota 2 sometimes missing in steam library  fak it -_-
dota is a kind of stress reliever, so bring faerie fire always!
Yeah the game is okay...
Nice game
haha
THE BEST ON LINE GAME IN THE WORLD. . .
Techies
На пару часов затягивает и всё(нет)
Please check your matchmaking its ULTRA broken and needs to be fixed asap !
pls fix the bug item and skills xd
Unless, you can read chinese english I wouldnt play it.
Great game, I guess. After a while, you just realize it's a bit much. Definitely worth trying out.
This is my favorite joke paragon spin off game yet  11/10  would laugh at physics again
♥♥♥♥
Played only a lil bit. Seems cool
How to lose your social life:  Step 1. Launch Dota 2 Step 2. Enjoy.
best game ever
gg wp
it has more technique to play and more strategy game
A
Best Cancer you can get! 10/10
Its pretty good
okey...
Dota
game nice
well played game ever with friend having fun
asd
nice
good
a
I like Dota 2
After the changes this game is unplayable and gl opening tresures they said u are protected but i got the same sets twice 3000+ hours wasted
10 outta 10 
Best MOBA game ever! So nice.
ruined my life  memes  and cyka
Great Game
This game is too Nice....
Awesome
Great game. Got a lot of hours out of it, and still going. Don't get stuck in low prio though... full of scum bags.
This update is ♥♥♥♥
The new patch is not so good... But still dota 2. Is very fun game
What I dislike about dota 2 is that when I play solo MMR, why are there in the game that have party MMR?  And when weplay party MMR, there is a solo player having his solo MMR.  Thanks for reading and recognizing this.
Dota 2 Is my Life ^^
just learn and play
9/11 - Brain Cancer society.  Nice game, but cancerous SEA community.
Road to 10k
good game to play and spend time with friends !
nice
gave me cancer. 10/10
Amazing game in history... but ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ping in SE asia.. wtf is this.. always playing like one sided match making.. no comments i quit dota.. thts not for SE asia.. iys for only party matchmaking.. not solo now a days
 awesome~!
Interesting strategy game. Offensive and Defensive type of game that is merely like a chess but bestway is to counter enemies in a pick.
wp
good content toxic community
Very good game.
Still I'm Noob ^_^
ggggggggggggg
Fun Game, to play with friends..  Super Toxic Community!!
Well this is not enjoyable cuz u have cancer teammates and new patch means new OP hero this is suck cuz not my favourite hero who get buff but the counter is.
Good game to play
Best game in the world :D
Best game ive ever played!!!
MMR just a medal :v wish no more toxic, noob, cancer and throw game players big update make game similar LOL
Mexicans will scream at you for being a beginner. Beginners beware, you will be reported and yelled at for being new at the game.
gud gud nyoy
+rep
Awesome
similar to league but this game is for proplayers higher learning curve but fun when mastered
Still cant figure out how to jump.
like
10/10 would play again
10/10 :)
good game
Awesome game!
yeah!
Very ez game. Very friendly players, great and helpful community.   Tip for new players:Always tell your teammates "MiD oR FeEd".
great game with full of toxic player
Good
i guess it's fine
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
good teammates bad teammates 
１０／１０
game is addictive the rest is all up to individual to decide
There are days when you 4v6, 3v7, 2v8 or even 1v9. There are days when you play a 120 minutes game and ended up losing 25 mmr, a losing streak, a successfully prediction streak and many more. There are days you try to be positive as you could but ended up getting a report, a low priority game and being muted. There are days where you open a treasure and doesn't get what you want. There are days when you first random a hero and got a carry, and your team still pick a carry making it a full carry lineup with no couriers 15 minutes into the game and you does not even get a lane and ended up jungling in the woods. There are days when your team just decided to be a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and kindly bought a courier one for each hero and fed the enemy team with those innocent courier kills and self volunteer to be their sex toy.  But..that is why I loved this game. JUST KIDDING. This game is not enjoyable at all. The environment is way more toxic than Agbogbloshie, Chernobyl, or Kabwe.
i love dota 2
No memes please im doing this for the free memes and steam pointsu so rate this up and 430 blaze it xXx Vage 
all things are good but every time i get irritating updates so plzz inform well before any update so that i can be ready
Awesome
wew
GOOD GAME
gg
zzz
hahahahahahah
i like this game so much because it's give  a lot of fun, dislike: i dnt like when dota2 update like 1GB.to long.
It was an epic battle indeed! Kutu
good game
ss
very nice and cancer game
Good game
Test
good game
Good game
rawr! rawr! rawr! jigger is rawr!!!!!! chrizel cabantac love julia ..... marjuren is big and fat .. happy birthday quirante !!!!
ggwp
This game is so Amazing!!
.
You know why i recommend this game
Lololololololol ol lololololololol lololololololol lololololololol lololololololol lololololololol
Nice, addictive game. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!
funny game
nowsh
Best game ever.
good game well played
I Liked dota :D
Fun until you play on SEA server. T_T
ITS REALLY GOOD TO PLAY
awww
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥.....not balance in finding enemy in MMR game...♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ valve...i play mmr n always got TBD as my team...n enemy don't have TBD....not fair....n all of us same MMR...not balance..♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ VALVE....don't this game...stupid game....
gg
good game
nice game
dont buy... just play until high MMR
Im pro
Love this game
awesome
Aries
ПРИВЕТ И ЭТО СНОВА Я БОМБЯЩИЙ МИКРОЧЕЛИК. СЕГОДНЯ ПОГОВОРЮ О ДОТЕ,О ЭТОЙ ПРЕКРАСНОЙ ♥♥♥♥ ИГРЕ. ИГРА АХУИТЕЛЬНАЯ,ЧИТОВ НЕТ,СИСТЕМА РЕЙТИНГА ТОЖЕ ЗБС НО ЕСТЬ ОДНО НО - ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ТОКСИК ПЛЕЕРЫ И ЧСВ КАК ВЫ ♥♥♥♥ БЕСИТЕ ЕБАНЫ. ЗАНИМАЕТЕ КОР РОЛИ И ОТСАСЫВАЕТЕ НА НИХ ВИНЯ САППОРТОВ,ДА ПОШЛИ ВЫ ♥♥♥♥♥ СО ВЧЕРАШНЕГО ДНЯ Я БОЛЬШЕ НЕ БУДУ БРАТЬ САППОРТОВ ТОЛЬКО С ПРОВЕРЕННЫМИ ЛЮДЬМИ БУДУ ИХ БРАТЬ. КОММЬЮНИТИ ПРОСТО УЖАСНОЕ. ИГРАЮ И С ИНОСТРАНЦАМИ,И С РУССКИМИ.Я НЕ МОГУ ПОНЯТЬ КТО ХУЖЕ ИЗ НИХ. Я ДАЖЕ НЕ ЗНАЮ ЧТО ЭТОЙ ИГРЕ СТАВИТЬ. НУ ♥♥♥ С НИМ ПОСТАВЛЮ + Я ЖЕ В НЕЁ ЛЮБЛЮ ИГРАТЬ,ХОТЯ БЫВАЮТ МОМЕНТЫ КОГДА Я ЕЁ УДАЛЯЮ ЕСЛИ ПРИГОРАЮ К ♥♥♥♥. ТАК ИГРА СУПЕР,СБАЛАНСИРОВАНА,НО ЕСТЬ ОДНО НО... ТЕЧИС.  #FIXTECHIES
haha
nice nice 
Nice game
nice game ever play :D
rawr
Wtf
Damn dendi. Makes me wanna play doto. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ idol
great
Um Excelente Jogo! Me Divirto muito jogando Dota 2.
This is even getting worse
Pro
actualy this is addicting game yet great. Evolving from DotA made some of the players are feeling nostalgic about the heroes.
woo
this game is the only one I ever play when I got bored
Затягивающая моба игра
Good ♥♥♥♥ good to be back on dota 2 and recover my account
Im so ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ tired of this game corrupting its own files every time valve adds another pointless hat update. its pathetic and its happened on every computer ive played dota on. fix it already ffs
an epic games playin in my mind ..hahahha,,funny right.?
well played
Very decent game. Road to 1K MMR.
WTF DOTA 2 wowww
Good game well played
not bad
mantap
BEST GAME EVER...
gg naku saemo
this is awesome game
LOL
Awesome game!😂
pm all us
Strategic Multiplayer Game ^_^
Best game ever. Lol is feces. This game has No faults expect that everyone who beats me is a hacker. Gg wp. Best game since butter on toast.
Its easy 
ntap gan
Picks Mirana Misses 20% of arrows Players in 5 stack flame you for missing 2 out of 10 arrows Proceed to get  9 man reported Low priority matchmaking for 34 games  Now I know how to curse in 4 languages. 34/10
it gave me aids
I loved the game i binge watched the game for a solid 3 months then moved on to another game but i still play from time to time. Definateyl worth the time and effort to learn the game
life ruining cancer. I kid you not it's better than sex but not worth it. !!!
Very addict game!
GG lmao :))
very nicegame. What I liked about dota is, it's a skill building game unlike Clash of clans, where your playing time and the money you spent decides how strong you will be and thus incresing your wins. Here the more you play, sharper you become with your character and skills.
hate 7,0
A game with some fabulously spectacular characters and nice graphics, though some heroes lack good animations. The map is great and most of the mechanics are fine. The players can be a bother.
it's fine.
aqa
Gg
gg  [Edit] after 4 years playing dota 2 with different account, i can finally say goodbye to this sea toxic community
Игра неимоверно крутая и интересная.Хотите узнать что нибудь еще звоните 89192066217
ggwp
Because i can
it's k
Well
If you enjoy having your life ruined by an irremovable addiction to a game you are pretty sure you don't even enjoy, This is the game for you   10/10
)))
After playing 4000 hrs. valve gave me vac for stop playing. ty valve
game's alright i suppose Kappa Keepo
GG
I'm really love this game alot <3
trash no plz
good 
И так начнем сначала плюсы: +++++++ минусы: -------------- Как видете минусоов больше чем плюсов не рекомендую.
nice
i lik this game xDDDDDDD
great game only thing bad is russians making the game hard to play and losing me mmr 
Wp
It's a nice game
i really love this game
awsum game.......ggwp
Awsome game !!
Nice and enjoy
This game is only for fast learner and respectful
TROLOLO :D
qweqweqwe
Playing in 3k is a disaster
cool
I just don't like the whole idea of dota!
Best game ever!!!
chill game
Dota2 ROCKS
amigoooo
it's ok if you love salty food...
The game is addicting. I love it 5/5
The Game Is So Good.
community will always be ♥♥♥♥
A game that is diagnosed with cancer people (some) but also fun
Lalala 
Good game !
👍
DOTAA
10/10 would play
addicted game! I like it a lot!
eat play sleep
I am a League Of Legends player, my friend brought me to DOTA2 last year. Now i am 3k mmr and i enjoy sever SEA everyday.
s good
kada
interesting game, because money does not play only the skill and teamwork
SO EZ
♥
the best game ever.
It's OK.
YOU JUST GET PULLED INTO THIS WORLD AND YOU CANNOT ESCAPE IT  
Awesome game so addicted to this 
EPIC GAME
this game is make u addicted
Good game
gooddddddddddddd
Sustainable developments.
Ez
People love this game ... I couldn't learn it ...   The game is ok but ... it's not for me !  5/10 !
Nice one !
 IT'S A GREAT GAME I RECOMMEND AMI I CHANGE MY LIFE THE DOTA 2 SEEMS SUPER.
Good game!
Good Game
Haven't played much. The game play is fun but people are being very salty.
the most awesome game i have ever played in my life......if ur a gamer and need a game thats moba and stratergic...this is the game ur looking for...
like game
makes me want to consider suicide :^)
nice
Nice game
best game ever.
Yes
good game
Whoever plays this game needs better tastes.
a really cool game yes
nice
Amazinggggg
I love you dota 2
GG
Dota 2 the best!
very good job :))
♥♥♥♥ this game such a piece of ♥♥♥♥ moba anyone who likes mobas are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ 0/10
Ruined my life 9/10
dota 2
I have 1 MMR
Extremely addicting! Great Game!
good game
amazing
So far So Good~
i dedicated my whole life too this game feels like and it never fails to give me back
the best strategic game Online ever.... whithout any end... worth giving a try.. GOOD LUCK
VOLVO FIX THE RANKING SYSTEM NOOBS CANNOT BE MORE THAN 2k PLS
Good game gg
i like this game
DOTA... The Best Game Ever... xD
ALthough a lots of changes happening, but still one of the best MOBA.
This game jump fly maggots, hard look
Come and play with me.
♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME!!!
This game is most likely the best strategic game Online in my opinion. You have to co-ordinate properly with your team mates to win a game if failed to do so. . well in higher MMR bracket i am sure you will lose. But i will say instead reading my ramblings here give a try to this game, You may stick to the game entirely. From me==>This Game is worth giving a try and will recommend to play.
Time killer
Time killer
JUST PLAY IT.
Very addictive game!
Ntap
I wish i never play this game
This game simultaneously started and ended my love life.
Nice game. I Am still newbie but I recommended it. I think it's the game that need intelligence
The BEST Game I've ever played. Pls teach me how to play this game.
like  
dota 2 dota 2 dota 2 !!! 
<3
FAMILY FAMILY
Thumbs up!
best stragety game
hell yea
League of legends newest installment is prefect. Hi-Rez really knows how to improve a game making characters that are fun to play and fun to play against.  The introduction of new and old warcraft characters add a familer feeling to plays who played Hi-Rez last game. There always updating world of warcraft and mixing in new content such as monkeys and hats. Riot really out did themself this time with the creation of Heros of the League 2.5
Get ready for the spanish word for a female dog to be written countless times if you live in the United States or Peru North Servers.
Ggwp
Its the best game
<3 <3
Nice
To anyone getting into moba's as a whole this is a great example of a good one, I personally wasn't the biggest fan of moba's in general until I gave this one a good try.  Pros: Lots of characters to suit each type of playstyle. and along with that its easy to transfer skills gained to other more advanced characters.  Cons: pretty much need a team to get anywhere if you are focused on raiting or overall longevity of the game.  and with that short and sweet review I will leave you with a commenrative GL HF!
its ♥♥♥♥♥♥  
FUNNNN
game is straight up cancer and anyone who plays it is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥
Good
Good Game
𝐌𝐘 𝐓𝐑𝐀𝐃𝐈𝐍𝐆 𝐈𝐍𝐅𝐎𝐑𝐌𝐀𝐓𝐈𝐎𝐍                                                               I ᴀᴍ 4ʏᴇᴀʀs ɪɴ sᴛᴇᴀᴍ                                       I ʜᴀᴠᴇ ᴘʀᴏᴏғ ᴛʜᴀᴛ I ᴄᴀɴ ʀᴇᴀʟʟʏ ʙᴜʏ ᴛʜᴇ ɪᴛᴇᴍ/s I ᴏғғᴇʀᴇᴅ.                                                   I'ᴠᴇ ɢᴏᴛ ᴀɴ ᴀᴄᴄᴏᴜɴᴛ ᴡʜɪᴄʜ ʟᴏᴏᴋs ᴅᴇᴄᴇɴᴛ.    -ᴘʟᴇᴀsᴇ ɴᴏᴛᴇ, ᴛʜᴇ ғᴏʟʟᴏᴡɪɴɢ ʀᴜʟᴇs ʜᴀᴠᴇ ʙᴇᴇɴ sᴇᴛ ᴀs ᴀ ʀᴇsᴜʟᴛ ᴏғ ɪɴᴄʀᴇᴀsᴇ ɪɴ ᴛʜᴇ ɴᴜᴍʙᴇʀ ᴏғ ᴛʀᴏʟʟᴇʀs. ɪғ ʏᴏᴜ ᴅᴏ ɴᴏᴛ ᴍᴇᴇᴛ ᴍʏ ʀᴜʟᴇs, ᴘʟᴇᴀsᴇ ᴅᴏ ɴᴏᴛ ᴛᴀᴋᴇ ɪᴛ ᴘᴇʀsᴏɴᴀʟ. ɪ ᴀʙɪᴅᴇ ʙʏ ᴛʜᴇsᴇ ʀᴜʟᴇs 100% ᴀɴᴅ ᴛʜᴇʏ ᴡɪʟʟ ɴᴇᴠᴇʀ ᴄʜᴀɴɢᴇ. ғᴏʀ ᴍᴏʀᴇ ɪɴғᴏʀᴍᴀᴛɪᴏɴ ᴘʟᴇᴀsᴇ ᴅᴏ ɴᴏᴛ ʜᴇsɪᴛᴀᴛᴇ ᴛᴏ ᴀsᴋ.  - ᴀs ᴀ ʙᴜʏ ᴀɴᴅ sᴇʟʟᴇʀ ɪ ɴᴇᴇᴅ ᴛᴏ ʙᴇ sᴜʀᴇ ᴛʜᴀᴛ ʏᴏᴜ ᴀʀᴇ ʀᴇᴀʟʟʏ sᴇʀɪᴏᴜs ᴀʙᴏᴜᴛ ᴛʜᴇ ᴅᴇᴀʟ ᴡᴇ ᴍᴀᴅᴇ ғɪʀsᴛ, ᴅᴜᴇ ᴛᴏ ᴍʏ ᴇxᴘᴇʀɪᴇɴᴄᴇ ɪɴ ᴛʀᴀᴅɪɴɢ. ɪᴠᴇ ʙᴇᴇɴ ғᴏᴏʟᴇᴅ ᴍᴀɴʏ ᴛɪᴍᴇs ʜᴇʀᴇ ɪɴ sᴛᴇᴀᴍ. ᴛʜᴀᴛs ᴡʜʏ ɪ ɴᴇᴇᴅ ᴛᴏ ʙᴇ ᴍᴏʀᴇ ᴄᴀʀᴇғᴜʟ ʙᴇғᴏʀᴇ ɪʟʟ sᴘᴇɴᴅ ᴍʏ ᴍᴏɴᴇʏ ɪɴ ʙᴜʏɪɴɢ ᴛʜᴇ ɪᴛᴇᴍs ᴛʜᴀᴛ ᴡᴇ ʜᴀᴠᴇ ᴀɢʀᴇᴇᴅ. ɪ ɴᴇᴇᴅ ᴛᴏ ʙᴇ sᴜʀᴇ ᴛʜᴀᴛ ᴡʜɪʟᴇ ɪᴍ ʙᴜʏɪɴɢ ᴛʜᴀᴛ ʏᴏᴜ ᴀʀᴇ sᴇʀɪᴏᴜs ᴀɴᴅ ʟᴇɢɪᴛ ᴛʀᴀᴅᴇʀ. ᴀɴᴅ ʏᴏᴜ ᴡɪʟʟ ɴᴏᴛ ᴊᴜsᴛ ʙᴀᴄᴋ ᴏᴜᴛ ᴀɴᴅ ᴀᴄᴄᴇᴘᴛ ᴏᴛʜᴇʀ ʜɪɢʜᴇʀ ᴏғғᴇʀ ᴛʜᴀɴ ᴍɪɴᴇ, ᴡʜɪʟᴇ ɪᴍ ʙᴜʏɪɴɢ ᴛʜᴇ ɪᴛᴇᴍs ɪ ᴏғғᴇʀᴇᴅ ʏᴏᴜ.  -ɪ ᴄᴀɴ ᴀʙʟᴇ ᴛᴏ ᴘʀᴏᴠɪᴅᴇ ᴘʀᴏᴏғ ᴛʜᴀᴛ ɪ ʜᴀᴠᴇ ᴛʜᴇ sᴜғғɪᴄɪᴇɴᴛ ʙᴀʟᴀɴᴄᴇ ᴏɴ ʙɪᴛsᴋɪɴs ɪɴ ᴏʀᴅᴇʀ ᴛᴏ ᴘᴜʀᴄʜᴀsᴇ ᴛʜᴇ ɪᴛᴇᴍ, ᴊᴜsᴛ ᴛᴏ ᴘʀᴏᴠᴇ ᴛᴏ ʏᴏᴜ ɪ ᴀᴍ sᴇʀɪᴏᴜs ᴀʙᴏᴜᴛ ᴍʏ ᴏғғᴇʀ.   𝐓𝐇𝐈𝐒 𝐈𝐒 𝐓𝐇𝐄 𝐎𝐍𝐋𝐘 𝐖𝐀𝐘 𝐈 𝐃𝐎 𝐓𝐑𝐀𝐃𝐄  ᴇxᴘʀᴇss ᴛʀᴀᴅᴇ : sᴏ ᴡᴇ ᴄᴀɴ ᴀᴠᴏɪᴅ 𝟽ᴅᴀʏs ᴄᴏᴏʟᴅᴏᴡɴ ᴀғᴛᴇʀ ɪʟʟ ᴘᴜʀᴄʜᴀsᴇ ᴛʜᴇ ɪᴛᴇᴍ ʏᴏᴜ ᴡᴀɴᴛᴇᴅ ᴏɴ ʙɪᴛsᴋɪɴs ɪᴍ ɢᴏɪɴ ᴛᴏ ᴀsᴋ ʏᴏᴜʀ ᴛʀᴀᴅᴇ ᴜʀʟ sᴏ ɪ ᴄᴀɴ ᴘᴜᴛ ɪᴛ ᴀs ᴛʜᴇ ʀᴇᴄɪᴇᴠᴇʀ ᴏғ ᴛʜᴇ ɪᴛᴇᴍ , sᴏ ɪɴsᴛᴇᴀᴅ ᴏғ sᴇɴᴅɪɴɢ ᴍᴇ ᴛʜᴇ ᴏғғᴇʀ ᴏғ ᴛʜᴇ ʙɪᴛsᴋɪɴs ʏᴏᴜ ᴡɪʟʟ ɢᴏɪɴ ᴛᴏ ʀᴇᴄɪᴇᴠᴇ ɪᴛ ɴᴏᴛ ᴍᴇ  𝐑𝐄𝐌𝐈𝐍𝐃𝐄𝐑  ʏᴏᴜ ᴄᴀɴ ʀᴇᴄᴏʀᴅ ᴏʀ ᴛᴀᴋᴇ sᴄʀᴇᴇɴsʜᴏᴛs ᴏғ ᴛʜɪs ᴄᴏɴᴠᴇʀsᴀᴛɪᴏɴ ᴏʀ ᴡʜɪʟᴇ ʏᴏᴜ ᴀʀᴇ sᴇɴᴅɪɴɢ ᴍᴇ ᴛʜᴇ ᴛʀᴀᴅᴇ ᴏғғᴇʀ, sᴏ ʏᴏᴜ ʜᴀᴠᴇ sᴜᴄʜ ᴇᴠɪᴅᴇɴᴄᴇ ᴛᴏ sᴇʀᴠᴇ ɪғ ɪ ᴅᴏ ᴜɴsᴜᴀʟ ᴀᴄᴛɪᴠɪᴛɪᴇs. ʙᴇsɪᴅᴇs ʀᴇᴅᴅɪᴛ ᴏʀ ᴠᴀʟᴠᴇ ᴄᴀɴ ʜᴇʟᴘ ʏᴏᴜ ᴛᴏ ʀᴇᴘᴏʀᴛ ᴍᴇ ᴀɴᴅ ɢᴇᴛ ᴍᴇ ᴛʀᴀᴅᴇ ʙᴀɴ ᴛʜᴇɴ ʟᴏsᴛ ᴇᴠᴇʀʏᴛʜɪɴɢ.
valve.osfrog or anyone, can you make dota in bahasa pls
zz
Not as good as league.
This game is very good.I do not like with this game is that they put a new patch 7.00 and I do not like the fact that it can not penetrate to restart mmr because it needs at least once during the year to send a message to all the players that you want to reboot your mmr or not because someone is not satisfied with his mmr a much more difficult to this mmr corrected right there are players who set out to play this game and intentionally lose the game while some are trying to win  but they do not thrive because of these players .So I pray that the people who made this game to think about my proposal because I believe that most players agree thanks. Let's play for funny.
another sh*t zombie game.
Nice Game
its pirficto
nice game
Pinnacle of gaming xD
Hhhhjjjj
11/10
this game sucks ass i played it for a bit and its just not worth it
Good for multiplayer game
I like this game so much.
Couldn't pass the first boss
Tut
It's okay. Blocking communication from steam does NOT prevent someone from communicating with you in-game.
Incomparable, Best Of All Time !!!
awfull community
Прикольная игрушка :)
best game ive ever played
Do not try it.It's addictive.
. 
Best game in the world,and the best game ever
Lol kek.
One of good games played.
Good Game
Highly addictive!
this game ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ cost my time becuz it so ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ addicting
♥♥♥♥ this ♥♥♥♥
zxczx
its okay to kill a few hours in your spare time I guess
Tried this one time accidentally now I'm stuck with it for the rest of my life with no time to socialize, learn or work. Do not recommend if you want to have a life.
Its dota alright! ;) ?
ggwp
(y)
ok
is good 
ADDICTED!!
Wpvhjv
Find something you love and let it kill you dota
hi
WASTE OF TIME
never bored play this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game
wuhuu
gg
nice game, and update another bugs
bagus suka banget mantap
i just wanna say dota is hard game we learn something new everyday
Nice
This game is so dope
like   
The Best ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Game Humanity Ever Created
..
I don't like it but most of population from russia does.
Recommended
Not too sure lol 😂
Best game!
=
😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃
Better than LoL.
this game is so cool with friends
T R Y T O N O T O X I C P L S S E A
Ggwp
Nice F2P game.
computer games
wew
ad·dic·tion /əˈdikSH(ə)n/ noun plural noun: addictions the fact or condition of being addicted to a particular substance, thing, or activity.
According to mirana the damage has been done 😎
The best game!
so cancerous i grew a third penis.  edit: still cancerous
Nice Game Evahh!
what an amazing game to play, many heroes and strategy to explores, not mention about the item build and lot more.   once you play and you understand the ways, you can addicted to this game. oh and the graphic is awesome
♥♥♥♥ Noob ♥♥♥♥ Fail
its lot more fun to play it
keep it up with new features
qwerty
is it a good game?  !
its a wow
Nice
Nice game!
The best team play game in world
Somehow, I still suck at this game.
7/10 needs less russians and a lockable camera mode..
uioh;gh
gg
GGWP
This is review for 2020 from perspective of pos 4 player that playes with team members only so this review is more about the competetive side of dota then your casual ranking.  Pros:  -much faster gameplay then it used to be  -with full squad Its still as fun as it used to be  -being one trick pony pays off more  Cons:  -Solo players and team players are 2 different species. If we play in a squad of 4, the random guy most of the time has no idea what is team play.  -Meta play got worse. What I mean by that is, that if you dont play meta heores, you will f*cking lose no matter how good of a player you are. In team vs team games Its all about game strategy, not individual skill and there is not much space for creativity because the op heroes are really op and average heroes are just not good enough.  -Jungle drops after 40 mins are unbalanced, some are really trash in every situation compared to others.  -most meta heroes are not fun to play all the time. Like who the f*ck enjoys playing Viper every game?  -Repetetive gameplay due to the need to pick the same 15 heroes all the time if you want to win.  -RNG, but I mean, that was there since the beginning but its getting progressively worse. Yea, Iam looking at you Ogre.  Conclusion :  I havent played solo in a few years but when it comes to full squad 5 on 5, It got more boring because at higher levels, you have to pick the same ♥♥♥♥ all the time, which is not fun, or you will lose, which is also not fun.  Fun if you play like 4 games per week, play more and Its boring.
One day, a mysterous wise man introduce me to this game. "It shall protect your virginity my lord" he said.  In this game you can: 1- Learn at most 9 different languages in every single match 2- Kill creatures chilling in their nest without mercy and take away their gold 3- Kill other players for no apparent reason 4- Learn greetings from other countries like "pota", "cibai", "bobo", "wkwk" and "tanga" 5- Waste your time for a single map 6- Learn to control your anger. Trust me it works 10/10.   It's like a roulette, fun until you are into pinoys (the sad truth is you do get them in every match).
Love it
Interesting game which gives us to set strategy and teamwork
nice
My Favorite game since i was in senior high school until now
good game
mantap
aw
Dota2 is a good game.
Best game ever
Absolute trash.
 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ noob axe
Eat , play dota2 then sleep . REPEAT My whole life stuck this game .  can't even go to 5k MMR so hardd . support ? carry ? nuker ? damn seriously ? this teammates sucks ! in 2017 new life new Journey  . Be patient and be cautious to the game you'll become a professional player !
Its nice
This one is my favorite, Best Multiplayer and Strategy Game.. ^^
i give a solid 5/7...
ggggg
WELL PLAYED SCRUBS!
ggwp
most salty community evahhh
nice.
League of legends vs dota fight of the century immortals rivals
Toxic everywhere
good game
11/10 losing grip on reality again
Fair Play
Very fun game even there are lots of toxic players in the game.
dota is the best ever game
Always the best moba strategy game ，no more other !
recommended moba games
Potatoes
...
What once was an awesome game, many of the great underused heroes have been neutralized to the point where playing them is no longer an option.  You can't play a support without the other four on your team cursing at you in a language you don't know while they feed ( due to a poor decision of how to que players ).  Many of the great heroes are classed as supports when they are better as nukers.  Zeus stopped being support the same time as Sven, Pugna and Necrophos, because none of them use support abilities to begin with.  Personally Pugna is my favorite hero, but everytime I play him mid, by minute ten the safelane's tier two tower is already at half health.  If I play him offlane, the mid player yells at the team for not ganking to mid as they lose their tower at six minutes.  Safelane is impossible because someone picked last second Phantom Assassin or Sniper and assume you are support them.  At twenty minutes you can kill any hero in three seconds with the right item and skill builds, but that rarely comes as your carries fed all that time.  Players during the weekends tend to be the teenagers home from school but think cursing out everyone makes them "the man".  The report system is flawed to that with the influx of bad players ( racist messages, intential feeding when you don't let them get last hits ), prevents the system from being correctly used as you are limited to one or two reports a week.  Many abuse the system such as if they are in a party on your team and you are the sole person not in their group, if you lose the game, it is your fault that you are 20 and 2, while it is the reverse for the rest of your team as you kept the game going longer in correcting their mistakes as long as you could.  There is no punishment for false reporting yet.  At this point I just play Techies, who as of the 7.00 patch, was made a laning nuking hero rather than a roaming wanderer with no direction.  I hate playing the game other than wanting explosions, pulling off high kill numbers and half the time we might win.  I recently played a game last night before I uninstalled for twelve hours to install other games for the time.  An Axe who thought he'd lane with me said to report me, when he tower dived under aggro from the tower, and I was no where near the fight to begin with.  Once again an idiot says to report another just because they thought they were "the man."  The game itself is great, the players are horrible people however, only thinking of themselves as the sole carry of the game, as they go on to not get a single kill for 30 minutes and being muted by the whole team far before hand for the racist rants that will never get reported because you spent your allotted one Report on someone the night before.  It would be great if the flaws were fixed with reporting players, then perhaps the game would be more likely to be played more often.
best game i ever played
hello everyone and enjoy playing dota :)
Entertaining and good concept. TEAM WORK IS THE KEY!
yeah
good game!!
:o
█▀▀█ █▀▀█ ░▀░ █▀▀▀ ░▀░ █▀▀▄ █▀▀█ █░░  █░░█ █▄▄▀ ▀█▀ █░▀█ ▀█▀ █░░█ █▄▄█ █░░  ▀▀▀▀ ▀░▀▀ ▀▀▀ ▀▀▀▀ ▀▀▀ ▀░░▀ ▀░░▀ ▀▀▀  |̲̲̲͡͡͡ ̲▫̲͡ ̲̲̲͡͡π̲̲͡͡ ̲̲͡▫̲̲͡͡ ̲|̡̡̡ |̲̲̲͡͡͡ ̲▫̲͡ ̲̲̲͡͡π̲̲͡͡ ̲̲͡▫̲̲͡͡ ̲|̡̡̡ ̡ ̴̡ı̴̡̡ ̡͌l̡ ̴̡ı̴̴̡ (BEEMO) ̡l̡*̡̡ ̴̡ı̴̴̡ ̡̡͡|̲̲̲͡͡͡ ̲▫̲͡ ̲̲̲͡͡π̲̲͡͡ ̲̲͡▫̲̲͡͡ ̲| |̲̲̲͡͡͡ ̲▫̲͡ ̲̲̲͡͡π̲̲͡͡ ̲̲͡▫̲̲͡͡ ̲|̡̡̡
Dota 2 is Strategy game, and i like it. It's Funny and awfull. And something make interesting for this game is, if your team win on Dota 2 Tournament, you will recieve some money. I wish i can join the tournament and win.
Addicting
Jugger Arcana Valve please :/
Shi==Y Game!
Best graphic
I really like dota 2
good game
Good Game i like it !!! 
Its like in one case relaxing game, and also, competitive. So good Patchs and Updates!
aWESOME gAME
To my future kids... This is one of the reasons ehy your mom always mad at me...  
I love playing axe axe runnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn
This game takes a while to learn but is fun to play with friends, i would recomend that you have a friend to help teach you the basics.
A Love-Hate Relationship
I love you
PICK TECHIES AND SCREAM ALLAHUAKBAR
Really great game and it's also fun when you play with friends in A-Team :))))). It's also nice the new update that they made, I personally find it cool. Keep up the good work coming! Thnaks!
Bice
its a nice game . ilove it
the best time killer out there. Easy life lost .
Game is okay
I wuv this game
okay
comp game
yaaaa
I didn't find this game very fun. Not very balanced champions, slow and with an unintuitive shop drags this game down below other MOBAs in my eyes. I didn't play for very long, but the time I did play was even more frustrating than playing league or HOTS.  The tower aggro seems to have no rhyme or reason, and when you start taking tower damage, the tower seems to gain infinite range, champions who are melee seem to have ranged attacks, the graphics are poor and the game is just bland.  I may try to pick this game up later, but for now, it's going in the garbage section of my library.
dsfdfdsg
GG
VERY NICE GAMU, 10/10, so much better than LoL!
gg
nice game
Good game
it's fun, more than i expected
Good game 10/10 recommended
One of the worst games and community. Avoid at any cost.
Not funny did not laugh
Not much of an MOBA fan, but I like the first-person view. I think the hitbox is too big on the head, I always get hs.
bad 7.0 patch
Nice Game :D
ITS VERY COOL XAXAAXAXAXAXAXAXAXA xddddd
cool
Awesome game.
Best game ever, cant stop playing 👍
It makes you feel emotions. You lose a game. You swear and feel bad, but when you win it feels like the best thing ever. It has a variaty of different heroes.
Nice
THE BEST EVER!
This game is awesome I will play this game till forever hahaha
Mantap jiwa
The most amazing RPG game so far <3
goooodd game!
yea..good game..recommended
Good Game , Better than Any one else
Start playing , get addicted. Learn more and more. Get called a noob by all your friends. Its worth it. All of it. Enjoy your nights. Who needs a girlfriend when you have dotu. Dotu4Life <3
Best moba
Good game
best game ever
Lol
I keep coming back for punishment.
i am drunk
good1 :)
Why u so addiction?
Ano ako trip
software update program(!) Seemsgood
If you want a game that freely promotes abuse, racism, narccessim, idiotism, name calling, masochism and believes that the only game that exists that is of any value to play is DotA... then you got it.  Avoid it like the plague. Due to an extreme fanatic behaviour, this game will steal your money since you don't worry too much about spending a few items on cosmetics here and there. I have wasted over 250€ on this 'free' game. I have also played it for over 2500 hours.  But here's the two reasons why I am stopping and why I will plead to anyone to stay away from this ♥♥♥♥♥ game: 1. The fanatic behaviour I spoke of before? It comes from a deep hatred of other games. Its direct competition is League of Legends and the reason why anyone who's played DotA for a long time is due to one of the founders of League had a website. This website was the most used forums by DotA players and he cancelled it. He said it himself it was due to conflicting interests and it makes a lot of sense. But due to this the already extreme narcessists playing DotA became even more extreme. It is not uncommon or even considered unreasonable to insult people on EXTREME levels of death threats, ethics, ethnicity and skin colour because they aren't as good as someone who's put 2000+ hours into the game.  This is the first reason why I will plead to anyone to avoid this game, don't support its gambling and addictive nature and just stay away from it.  2. I realized a few months back which is when I kinda stopped playing. It is first now that I will genuinely sell my entire inventory and make sure to get rid of EVERYTHING to make it darn clear I don't want to come back.  A game of DotA is usually not too bad. However, when compared to other games an average game still makes you perhaps not smile or chuckle but it doesn't piss you off to just the nature of 'eh, this game was okey'. In DotA; those are the games that the most rare things to find. The low points of most games gets you annoyed and you stop playing it. DotA digs you so deep into a hole that you keep playing and keep making it miserable for other people playing with you in the following games... even tho' they weren't even in the initial game that got you on this downward spiral.  The only thing that keeps folks coming back is those amazing games! However... they only feel so amazing due to how crappy every other match makes you feel like. The low points are insanely deep and the high points are just shallow victories. Not close matches that you had to fight for and had to use every arsenal you got. If you do that then you will have folks adding you on Steam and telling to kill yourself because you were split pushing and taking down their base as they just charge around on the map as an example.  Avoid the game. It is NOT a game to be played! It is one to avoid at ANY cost!
ok
Dont play this game, it sucks
wew
Nicee gamee
Its entertaining😉👌
Don't
Very addictive. Once you play, you will never go out.
not bad
i cant leave u love.>>>>>><<<3
:)
i love this game
i like this game because i learn how to participate with others. The one that i dont like is trash talker player
goodbye social life
GG New Meta...
sadsgfhjkl;
How do you search for a game?
its k
very good game 
nice game ,addictive 
great game
good
everything
Nice game!!
Recomanded game 😘
GOOD GAME
Recommended!!!
good game so nice
lots of fun and emotion, hmm craziness too :v
great game, play with friends is more fun
drug
I LIKE THE GAMEPLAY AND VERY NICE GRAPHICS BUT THERE ARE SOME BUGS.
ASDFSADF
the best free to play game ever :)
I play cool and relaxing
Too old to play but too young not to play, depressing game but always in the game.
.
SMOOTH AF.
very good game, very nice. gg ez noobs.
Great game, highly competitive while also enjoyable
хуня 
One of my favorite GAME!!!
good game ever
awwesome game
good game GGWP
you can play lol!!!! #rigged
hmmm
game hay
wew
wew
nice
good game
Good
Great Game but some of sea players are toxics
Keep up the good work
halawoken
weowe
A good yeah yeah
I love the game so much, especially the game plays of professional players and most of all the items for the heroes.
Just Amazing
Add Me !
Nc
>.<
Nice gameplay and graphics
good game
Still the best I can find on Steam Store right now. Community is cancerous sometimes but it is also solely because of the competitiveness it has in game.
nice game
Ew...
Dota addiction is real
Nice
nice ever game i play. ggwp
nc
This game is really addicted but now it became bored. I think..
i Like this game
Good game but throws you to low priority matchmaking pool even if you get reported by players which i find offensive.Im going to uninstall this game because i do not agree with this policy.Its retarded to force you to have to win 3 or 5 games of one simple type from choosing a random hero because u got reported from some idiot who wanted you to play specifically to satisfy his needs..Decesions like these make players switch games..Going back to league of legends,sayonara!Wasting no more time to this ♥♥♥♥..
Dont play this game if you are a noob.
Ohh
I REALLY LIKE THIS GAME !!! :D
I love you
One of the best games I have ever played.  The heroes (playable characters) are unlocked from the beginning & each of them have unique skills. It is the same map for every game but each game fells different. The different hero combos, item builds, laning strategies make each game really fun & unique. The tutorials make the basic mechanics easy to understand.  But this game is only recommended for those with great patience, time, energy & good multitasking skills. It takes time to master. It has a fairly steep learning curve but can be enjoyed by all. The community can be toxic & stupid sometimes.  The game gets regular balance changes.
Addicted
Hehe
Can't believe I liked this game
I like dota 2
THIS GAME RUINED MY RELATIONSHIP WITH MY GIRLFRIEND, BEST GAME EVER!!!
WOOP WOOP ITS LIT! 
Nice Game Very Bad Matchmaking afterk 5000 hours i get matched with some very low player if you are low on your rank you better delete your account
love it
its okay you need some friends to talk to at the same time
quite fun
If you came here looking for a review, you came to the wrong place. If you came here looking for a delicous pie recipe you came to the right place. 1. Apple Pie   3 pounds mixed apples (such as Granny Smith, Gala and McIntosh) 2/3 cup granulated sugar 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice 6 tablespoons unsalted butter 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting 3/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon 1/8 teaspoon salt 2 disks dough for Basic Crust  1 large egg, beaten Coarse sugar, for sprinkling  Peel and core the apples; slice 1/4 inch thick. Toss with the granulated sugar and lemon juice. Heat 4 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the apples and cook, stirring, until tender, about 10 minutes. Stir in the flour, cinnamon and salt; cook until thickened, 1 more minute. Let cool.  Roll out 1 disk of dough into a 12-inch round on a floured surface; ease into a 9-inch pie plate. Add the apples, mounding them slightly in the center, and dot with the remaining 2 tablespoons butter. Roll out the remaining dough into a 12-inch round. Lay it over the filling; press the edges of the crusts together, then fold the overhang under itself and crimp to seal. Brush with the beaten egg and sprinkle with coarse sugar. Cut a few slits in the top crust. Chill 1 hour.  Place a baking sheet on the lowest oven rack and preheat to 425 degrees F for 30 minutes. Place the pie on the hot baking sheet; lower the temperature to 375 degrees F. Bake until golden, 1 hour to 1 hour, 10 minutes. (Cover the edges with foil if they brown too quickly.) Cool on a rack.
how can i buy in the market?
GGWP
thanks for adding slurs to my profanity libraries gaben
Good Game
♥♥♥♥ valve, bans anti-abusers instead of banning these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who ruin the game.. i do NOT! recommend it. i had this game and i deleted it, i recommend u go download LOL instead. ♥♥♥♥ YOU VALVE!
................
#ONGOK
The dark force is strong with this one.
Hemm...
everyone's garbage. make sure to report all techies pickers.
Its a number one game  of my life and its free so anyone who is not playing this....... boyy they are unlucky
sucks your time dont play dota and ruin your life lol 
Never playing again unless they region-lock servers.
wqewqeqwe
Jungs bei Dota 2 könnt ihr mehr Erfahrung mit anderen Nationen machen wie sonst irgendwo. Du Spiels mit den größten Tards zusammen, bekommst ausraster da dein Team so scheiße ist und wastest dein halbes Leben für nichts. Du weißt manchmal nicht wie es weiter geht und bist am verzweifeln. Du denkst du kannst einfach ein anders Game zocken, aber leider geht das nicht, du kommst immer wieder zu Dota 2 zurück und regst dich immer wieder von neuem auf.   Und noch einen sehr großen Dank an die f*ck Entwickler dass sie dieses Game einfach immer mehr in die Scheiße hineinreiten. Viel Spaß noch beim Spielen mit Russtards und B*stards aus der ganzen Welt
I LOVE THIS GAME
test
horrible matchmaking, bad community, pointless regions (russians / chinese on all servers)  and ofc 0 available steam support  update: they have added role queue which is a good initiative, but there are always 1-2 players who refuse to play their role and completely ruin the game. Steam still not taking reports seriously and players are keep ruining the games, therefore I still dont recommend to play this game, its a waste of time.
fun to play
good game
good game
it ok 
great fun 
Played it a bit. Its ok
DotA is LOVE, DotA is LIFE, DotA is CANCER! best russian language trainer <3
♥♥♥♥ YOU GABE WITH YOUR ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ COMMUNITY
28 hours in and I already feel like killing myself.   10/10
Хорошая игра,всем советую
Terrible game all in all just bad gameplay glitchy bigs and everything is just trash.
not good for the heart
INYOURDREAM
Don't buy Rosetta Stone before you try this!!!!!!!! Easiest way to learn Russian.   GG легко  9/10 sometimes you play with english people
Best game ever..
Good game
Fervent Conscript
nice game hahaha <3
Perghh
This ia game to amazing 
don't play this game, pls
The game  quite good, but i have not pulled this game. I do not understand how you can play a lot of it !? There is so friendly players that they like your whole family. Here you can find your  father, and hear who will drove your mother to the cinema There 12 years old  geniuses from around the world will teach you life, and help you expand your vocabulary. Here  checked your patience and endurance. Here you can easily learn Russian ♥♥♥♥ blyat language. Here your virginity for 100% protection. This game is imbued with love and kindness. This is the place for you and your friends !!! Welcome to the world of Dota 2!
Its free.
Best game
~
 funnest game ever
The best way to learn turkish if you playing EU East.
no guys, never touch this game ever
WE LOVE STEAM™
<3
LOL with a bunch of other ♥♥♥♥   my hours can tell you how much I played this game       LOL is love LOL is life but you do you my fren|-/   roses are red harambe is dead they shot that mofo right in the head
GG
kek
goood
Nice game!!! It helps you to train your brain.
i like this game because it makes my brain think  
i love this game
this game is amazing
learn philipine langguage from here
nice
Still love this game
review
doesnt need introduction!
good
da
DOTA 2 no its CHINA DOTA  every sever, every region u will find them even in EU
Art-M is a gay
good game
"Report *player name* plz"
SEA server full of pinoy talking with their native language and also they are extremely noob, only just a few that is impressively good and can speak english.   Btw 7.00 patch is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ stupid, thanks volvo
Pros -Large list of heroes + cool costumes -2016 updated skill tree options -Good graphics  Cons -Too many updates and often with large data patches -Forceful community on roles for heroes. -Farming can be abused to neglect the team or cause team disputes -Bitter and racially competitive community - Random generated treasures -No option to choose what costume you would want and forced to rely on steam market for inflated or cheap prices. -Massive map -limited teleportation system -Unbalanced nerfs and buffs -Harsh penalties that result into crating more bitter players -LIMITED REPORTING SYSTEM -Ping delays, 25% of the time. -Abilities can be glitched out to bypass certain rules -Commendation obsession of the community. -Spamming messages have no warning prompts.
Toxic Community
nc
Thanks
Mantab jiwa
So good.
dota>lol
TOO MANY RUSSIANS!
i play this game and i so addictedd!!!
Nice game
tnks
best game :)
game sejuta UMMAT
good game
This nice game
gg ez
like!
this game is so nice.. and so awesome :)
dota2
This is my 5th account. Ty GabeN.
Best moba
This game is like smoking.You will enjoy it,but it will give you cancer..
its okay
lol
Best game 
Real men play Dota2, not LoL :)
DOTA IS SO FUN
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ adictive!!!
Good!
nice game
BEST GAME WOWOWOUWUWO     187 amk
Great game 
Built for team work :)
good game
Addictive, dynamic and just all 'round awesome, really.
i player dota 1 but this dota 2 so awesome grapich.
fungame
after playing 500hrs on it....ITS AWERSOME
I Love this Game
Git gud
BEST DOTO
super super
its like lol but it isn't
We need wards
.
NOOB
SEA players bad
WP
10/10 ♥♥♥♥ game
play it a little bit, not bad  :)
.
thx cuz u makes me feel so special :'D
GG
Dota 2, is a best morpg game that i played here on steam so far so i'm recommending to the people who likes morpg game..  :D
good game
no comment.
classic was better but this will do fine.
so nice
G_G
Just uninstalled the game, trying to do a new patch update and I kept getting corrupt download error. The game is to easy for a group of players to join together and then create a false feeding report or something of this sort and then you end up in Low Priority. I liked the game in the beginning but its not fun to play anymore. This was the final straw , having to redownload a complete new game and then the download wont even start is annoying as hell
Awesome game
I still have no idea what I am doing
DOOOOOOOOOOOOOTOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 
mantap kali game ini
Best Game Ever!
if you want to play with cancer people?come to sea doto 2...
sick updates !!!!!
Game!
good game for play
ok
me like this 10/10
update....update.....update. You spend more time updating this game then playing it. Why? why is there an update each and every day???
Dude !! This is realy awsome game and best for even teenagers and adults too, tournaments are groofy tooo
GooD Game!!!
Nice game
TOO GOOD
XD
........................,,-~*~,, ......................./:.:.:.:.:.| ......................|;.;.;.;.;./ ......................|.;.;.;.;.| ............._,,,,,_.).;.;.;.;.| .........,,-":.:.:.:."~-,;.;.;.| ........(_,,,,---,,_:.:.);.;.;..",, ......,-":.:.:.:.:.""-,,/;.;.;.;.;.", .....(:.__,,,,,,,,,___);.;.;.;.;.;| ...../"":.:.:.:.:.:.:¯""\;.;.;.;.;.," ....\",__,,,,,,,,,,,__/;;;;;;;;;/\ .....\.::.:.:.:.:.:.:.;.);;;;;;;;;/:\ .......\,,,,,---~~~~;;;;;;;;,"::::\ .........."""~~--,,,,,,,,,,-"::::::::::\ ░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░ ░█▀▀ ░█▀█ ░█ ░█▀▀ ░░░ ░█▀▀ ░█▀▀ ░█ ░█ ░░░░░ ░▀▀▀ ░▀ ░░░▀ ░▀▀▀ ░░░ ░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
You can have a perfect conduct score with no reports and still get paired with the worst dregs of humanity. Valve employs MMR assassins to force you below a 50% winrate.
nice game
hahhahah
Fun game, 10% good people, 50% flamers and trashtalkers, 40% normal players. if you are new better mute your teammates when they start flaming you. Dota 2 is harder than LOL since there are many combinations, possibilties, rules, strategies, and other stuff but easy to learn. Recommended for people who are gamers since it can get you addicted for a while.
...
GGWP
HIGHLY ADDICTIVE
love this game
eee
Sold my soul,
best game
nc
tsakep 
KAPPA DOTO BEST DOTO
(y)
iiiii
fyfyuggi
Currently the best MOBA game available in steam. Be sure to try if you guys haven't tried the game yet.
not bad
nerdy
Awesome
Recommend for need free games 
In a nutshell, Dota 2 is a multiplayer 5v5 MOBA in which you have over 110 characters to chose from to battle other characters and in the end destroy the other teams big glowing rock (Ancient). Pros: 1. tons of community made skins 2. easy to find a match because of how popular the game is Cons: 1. The easiest heros are the hardest to kill and the hardest heros are the easiest to kill. 2. THE COMMUNITY IS PROBABLY THE MOST TOXIC COMMUNITY YOU WILL EVER FACE (Biggest Con) 3. Way to easy to be sent to the low priority punishment pool. 4. Some of the easiest heros in the game are rediculously unbalanced. (Ursa, Phantom Assasin, Viper, Axe)
MOST COOL MOBA
nice game
despite community still fun 
Good Game, Well Played!!!
good teambuilding game.
Nice game volvo confirmed
I hate to love this game
best game eveh!
My gmail account was hacked. i cant access my gmail account 
I just want to play this game :P :P :P
Dota 2 : Cool Dota 2 community : Cancer af
good game
[h1]Dont try this game, its addicting[/h1]
Open Dota 2 -> Find Match -> meet pinoy/indog -> salt -> repeat
nice game,but noob player
nice game valve i love this game.
Downloaded it, played for a couple of days. Funny game :)
i didnt play it very much just about 4000 hours,it nice but really toxic
Dota 2 = Cancer , don't play this game or you get cancer
Cayo DOTA 2 ... :)
Hi I play Dota 2 It is fun to play I like all the heroes Period.
good game
best games
Rampagee !!!
w0w i loved this one
9/11 Ez feed
gret
I love this game so much hahaha !!!!!! lol
nice game
It's amazing. I enjoy this game with my colleage. But I feel uncomfortable with pinoy player.
Why the heck this new update dont let me download the files that i needed and it says that error on the programfiles/steam/steamapps/download/dota 
GGWP
aweadasds asdas dsd
GOOD
Great Game!!
Tips for Heroes: For agile heroes:                                                             For strength: Shadow Blade or silver edge                                           Strength granting items  power treads to agility                                                     power treads to strength High Damage items(careful with divine rapier)                Attack speed granting items  Havent got any item builds for intelligent heroes sorry  Got only octarine core for them  For atttacks  Strength does the guard Agility does much damage Intelligence keep supporting and damaging
huehue
also gg
Love the game, but I'm not too crazy about the ppl. 1- Too much complaining about others all the time, "my team sucks, you are bad, noob, etc etc", if your are so good then win the game, even with a noobie team; it IS possible. I'm learning, I'm low level (I don't play ranked) so I don't need the review of someone that believes he is DotA God or something. It's a childish attitude, it's like you have the need to point it out "it's not me; it's you" (sometimes is the one who complains that is so selfish and not able to play as a team, but is the first on complaining and picking on someone else, a lot of times they are not even THAT good). Being "bad" at low lvl while one tries to improve is not a crime, and we have the right to play, as anyone else; 2- Too much complaining about "unfair low prio", by posting threads insulting everyone. If you know "abusive behavior" can make you have a report, why are you so surprised when it happens? Is not about being good or winning the game, is about the conduct, but it seems no one wants to take resposability for their own actions.  3- TOO MUCH insults, for everything. It's really rare to pass by one game without being insulted or seeing how the others insults each other. In any case, I still think this is one of the best games I ever played, and I will keep playing.  
Great game in history (y) .
good game
aafsdf
<3
Good Game
ad zdfnst
This is the best game I ever played!
i love dota 2
Very good game for timekilling😂
It is fun but the problem is that they ALWAYS UPDATE GAME CLIENT even after plaiyng 1 game. It ruins the whole game quality which leads us to boredom. IF YOU WANT TO UPDATE GAME CLIENT PLEASE DO IT ONCE A WEEK.
wew
Dota 2 is already in your Steam library
Love this game!
nice game ever
If you want to have headaches, play this game.  If you want to have fun, play Smite or HoTS.
Great game
This game is amazing. It blows all other moba's out of the water. You can play anyone you want, you can play tons of mods. The only issue in this entire game is learning. The tutorial is impossible. If you can't find someone to teach you, you aren't going to learn. It is that hard. The other problem is the community. I love them, but I have heard them doing some awful things. So if you are going into the game cold, do three things. -Demo Heros before you play       This game is hard enough, but some heroes are near impossible to start on. I reccomend heroes with simple spells and straightforward passives. Pick faceless void or sniper. Both very easy... -Practice with bots     Practice or the community will hate you, also... expiriment. There are many secrets hidden in the settings you can try. -Report players who are abusive in language or tell you to quit or uninstall. They probably feed as much as you do.       This is the only way to better the community 
nice
Well Played
Best game i've ever played in my whole life,play it pls
GGWP
Good Game
Upon having 4k+ hour spending in this game & still haven't learned everything. This is so additctive then it can & will destroy your life. So unless you have a rich parents you should avoid this game. Cocain & morphine are less addictive then this.
nice game
Thumb's up
Best game!
I love dota 2 .. so much
nice game
Nce game but control yourself before you ruin your life 
this is what i want to play
HI MUM IM ON TV
no
go go go
so much toxic and good player..loves this
z
♥♥♥♥
Best game ever, but every day update. Please make schedule update every weak
Dota + Dota 2 = Half Life 3 Confirmed   3/3 IGN
don't need to review this game, many ppl know about his game :p
mantab jiwa
In DOTA just play as team, always together and win, otherwise loose! jungler and solo players = just a rubbish
Great game, hard to start playing but after that you can't stop playing it
nice
Только отборные дауны в твою команду 10/10
Amazing Fun. Could play for hours, if I didnt have to pee :(.
GG
Game has ♥♥♥♥ match making
I love this game :D
Ok soo Dota 2 is very, very similar to LoL (We all know that). But i really liked and enjoyed the gameplay, but please give out some new maps (or arena or whatever its called). But yeah... Its great game for real. Dota 2 is life, and gaming is life too.
Its ok
Great bants
mostshit game ever
My thoughts on life before the game : "Life is good"   My thoughts on life after playing dota 2 for 4 years : "Someone just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ kill me already"  10/10
The best game ever
hi plz  help  ypu ar yo ply dotav eror game plz help  plz  no up   plz help
This game is the best
The problem is the updates, every day there is some updates, that sucks ...
Dota 2 is an amazing game. Surprised they offer it for free. It's like a game of chess. Every move you make and second you waste with make a difference throughout the game you are in. If that's the style of game you like to play then I highly recommend it. Also has a huge community
No words for this game. It is legendary!
<3
Test
this game is great if u are looking foward to hating your self and your team simply becuase of expectations. great agme none the less very intense and rewarding. putting time in is only way to get better
a
goodgame
Addictive af
2323
Eat...Sleep...Dota...Repeat
g
Good game
most of the champs are unbalanced
good game
nice gaem you got gab3n
Best!!
bb
The best
awesome
noice
Best game ever
addicted, how to stop it? lol
good game
my favourite game n too much addicted to it even failed in my exams for this dota game XD
The best game
BeST GAME EVER
a
Cm. Arcana
Best game I've ever played 
joy & fun
Git Gud
nice awesome
reizi papu
great game i love it :)
Awesomeness
WOW power
[h1]DOTA 2[/h1]   [b] Leronira's Rating Scale:[/b]  [u]Absolutely fantastic experience.[/u]  Definitely worth playing. Enjoyed it. It was somewhat okay.  Avoid like a cancer.
Perfect choice to waste free time
mad ting
yes
Favorite Game of all time, since Dota 1
Best PC strategy game  
Very fun and competiting game to play!!!!! This game is not for noobs.
Cool game.
OGOODDDDD
Really love it! Kind of perfect game
agréable
good but lag 
the game is greay but there are 2 things i really hate about it 1) The game is unbalanced as f#@! -pa is mostly based on luck -you can't kill riki except if you have really good team or bad riki -ck is just too op ..,etc  some of you say "you just noob git good " then ♥♥♥♥ you all 2) The community is just too ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ retarded and toxic -many will miss judge you -many players just want to ruin other people's day -90% of the players blame others for their retardness -all of them is cancer -my stress level went very high since i started playing this game TIP FOR NEW PLAYERS: -delete this game while you have chance and play overwatch instead  ♥♥♥♥ YOU ALL, ♥♥♥♥ YOU TO THE RIKI AND PA MAINS ♥♥♥♥ PEOPLE WHO WORKS FOR THE BALANCING ON THIS GAME ♥♥♥♥ THE COMMUNITY SERVICE, ♥♥♥♥ THE PEOPLE WHO SAY "GG EZ" LIKE 6 YEAR OLD ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ BULLIES FUCJ ALL OF YOU (not the game the community )   thanks for reading :)
Nice game for lifetime.. imagine i've played 2k+ hours..
Good Game For my Life
sdqw
Ez as ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game
Best game in the world i thougt. we never play dota 2 as the same. dota 2 is always different.  u just need a experience to play well in this game. more you play, then more good you are in this game
👍
other then people cursing you for being noob  everything is great
hhdhdfgfdtgwertywyhdf
Hmm
gg
Dota is love. Dota is life.
Nice game
The reason why i found and used steam for the first time. Realy addicting game at 1222 hours of gameplay (dont judge me ) . even thou there are a lot of cancer player especially in SEA server ( idk in other server ) still very good game
The best game in the world. New updates always ensure new heroes in the meta. Recomend to all people in the world!!!!!
Unhappy about core mechanics being changed, memories lost, moved on to other games, rip 1k+ hours.
shape of ratih with me
Hi all im just noob
es
awesome game
ya Allah semoga MMR ku siatas 3k aminnnn
Nice game should play 
nice game
good game
hello
It's all about feed
A game that truly grasps the idea of helping those in dire need to escape their reality. After allowing peru to play on our servers, and bought accounts in 4-6k. This game has truly made a better place to find friends of South America, and help people fully understand the hardships and struggles these people go through by having feeding South Americans only play Pos 1-2 or jungle. It opened up a world of hard working, can collecting children to gather change and be fortunate enough to play at their internet cafe's and flood US West/East. God Bless them.  Very thankful for the open-mindedness of Valve and their appreciation of Matter."  <3 
my life !
zindagi jhat kar diya
Well, well. It's a pretty good game by itself, but the match up with bad players is just superfrustrating. Valve should really figure out a system that does NOT match you up with trolls, or people who afk or abandon should be banned, not only put to low priority matchmaking. And on top of that, skill ranking is jsut bad. MMR just doesn't work.. I mean im pretty sure that you can measure a persons level of skill BY OTHER VALUES THAN HERO DAMAGE OR LAST HITS, come ON VALVE!
Anime ! ! ! ! !
DOtA 2 DOtA 2
Good Game
Hi guys please help me out on my issue when im trying to find a match and the time that it will say ACCEPT and after suppose to be it will load the page where you can choose heroes however im not able to view that page after i successfully click on ACCEPT button i have good internet connection nor i have downloaded patches what happened was i am now banned on the game itself even though its not my fault because i am really accepting it. please advise on what shoul i do regarding this issue. I COULD NOT SUBMIT ON STEAMSUPPORT please help me with my account
nice
Its nice
Good Game, Well Made
good game
ЗАЕБАТАЯ ИГРА
"BORING" -man who play 3,100 hrs on record
nc
Good
NICE GAME?FOR SURE :) :)
My experience  - Meet russians - Don't understand them - Talk ♥♥♥♥ - Lose cause smurfs
Good game.. great team work..
Noice.
Best MOBA Game !
Short story: It is the best game i have played ever, hands down.  [Warning: Walls of text below, i tried to go in depth] Long story: Dota 2 is an addictive game with steep learning curve. You start playing, you like it, other games become kinda boring.   You may wonder why is it so hyped? It has a single map, every game you have the same objective, destroy the enemies base building called ancient.  The thing is there is so much to learn in this game, even after 1000 hour(at the time of writing) i do not know everything.  I learn something new eveyday. You have to memorize all nook and corner of the map if you want to survive. You have to press 10-20 keyboard keys in a 5 second battle, without messing up. You have to remember what kind of damage your enemy does. It has a steep learning curve. The more you know, the more you understand that you know less than you thought. But once you learn enough, you will have a blast. There is so much satisfaction in winning a game, outplaying your opponent. A feeling of accomplishment, that's what make this game stand out from others. There is no shortcut of getting good in this game, you just have to play, and play.  Cons: People takes the game seriously. That's why most of the people in game rages when they are loosing. The player base is highly competitive. If you want to play casually, don't even try ranked mode. Dota 2 takes time away from your life, maybe it will spoil the opportunity getting a girlfriend too. Playing with friends is fun. But if you loose, you may start to hate each other. You may think you lost the game because of your party. Its not true. Believe this.  People think they are good, but that is a delusion. I suck, you suck, everyone sucks at this game. Even pro teams make mistakes in a tournament final matches. The team who sucked less wins at the end.  You will put  thousands of hour in it before you know. If you don't want to put that much time, or don't have it altogether, look elsewhere. I know working married man who has children, who plays on weekend instead of giving time to family. Think before you get on the boat.  So, Dota 2 is a great game. It is not like anything else i have played. I have had fun. And i know i will have fun. This game doesn't get boring. If you have the huge time and effort required in this game, go for it. 
Amazing addictive Game...Must try at your Own Risk...
Not recommended.
ggwp
I love it so much !
well, currently i have more than 500 hours spent into this game. seeing DOTA trying to change it up by adding in new events, and gameplay mechanics (7.00) to spice things up is a good thing.  although sometimes i encounter bugs that effect my play (no minimap, missing skins), and toxic players are a problem sometimes... but overall, DOTA 2 is a good game, especially if you enjoy MOBAs in general. 9/10
NnjjkakakaOK ksks
after playing this game for 2,000 hours+. . . .   yeah. . . . .   10/10
7.0 is making my impression on DOTA higher!!!
this is awesome
wtgehstjasjsykjsrykj
Addicted
GREAT game ever
The best  
suka
gg
❤️
Love it 
It helps release stress and also helps to get stress. xD
good game ever
I now hate my life but speak fluent Russian.
all time favorite
if u don;t like cheat or hack. play dota :) But lot of noobs
awd
I Love this game  one of the best !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! . . . . u will forgot ur other games :D
game
GG
EZ GAME EZ LIFE
good game well played
Nice game
Best game to make friends and enemies
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ mexican simulator with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ people from US who can't even play axe. ♥♥♥♥ american's. They should not make NA servers because it's just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ gay. Teams are ♥♥♥♥. I que with my friend and we always carry. pls make a filter so we can get rid of mexicans and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ american blyats. ♥♥♥♥ dota. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game ever! not recommended for anyone. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ waste of life.
yes
<3
qwerty
ggwp
Completely ruined this game with the new comms score system. Get comms reported for not playing the game how my teammates would play, I don't even have to say a word. See friends get reported for being new to heroes in turbo (and losing 2k comms score in 2 games for being reported by stacks and not saying a single word) Have some friends who get reported for playing heroes that the enemy team doesn't like.   Legit broken system, needs to be removed.
Dota 2 is a MOBA, an Action RTS. With over a 100 heros to choose from there is much variety in how you approach the standard 5v5 scenario in which players fight to destory the other teams Ancient. Each Hero gains experience and gold throughout each match of the game. Levels allow heros to have access to more abilities and passive traits. Gold gives heros access to a ingame shop that they can purchase items that can give added mobility, strength, stuns etc.  Dota 2 is not an easy game, I highly reccommend new players to play as many BOT matches as they can. The community sourrounding Dota 2 can be toxic at times, since teamwork is the center point of the game and not all situations can be carried by a single player, leading to some "agruments".  Dota 2 however is a very rewarding game that will suck you in with the mentalitiy "just one more match then Ill goto sleep", as you race to get better than your friends or that one guy that called you a "1k skrub"
Very hard game to learn.  The challenge is pretty awesome but can be exhausting at times.  Take about 3 months to get the hang on the game.  I had to stop playing because I was so addicted to the challenge.....  I will be back one day!
literal cancer.
its a game that takes ur life untill they release the next big update
the best game ever
qwe
Nice
Strongly addictive.
ggg
awsome
Best game ever
i dont know about this game
Dota 2 is the best, sickest, MOBA out there and you should play it no matter what, k.
best doto
Hate it. 10/10.
GOOD GAME WELL PLAYED!
<3 
is not LoL
nice game, no glitches, lots of updATes, balanced and Free- the micro transactions are vanity or cosmetic items. so not a pay to win. some changes might of upset the vanilla players but the game is still enjoyable and has still challanges.  a team based game so it has this human component that will lure you to play again and again.  I Dont understand why some complain about play style and challange when (if u are not pro and play unrated matches ) the weight of the game falls on" working as a team''''''''''. lately changes made it a little bit easier to play and more fast paced, allowing a wider category of players to contribute to the game outcome. Steam is returning the favor of using their platform by gifting this free enjoiable game to the comunity ...like some other entertaining companies do now.  there are tons of characters/heroes to play as..that remind of warcraft ll warcraft frozen trone etc. in a fantasy battle ground that will engage you for 30-50 minutes at the time.
Waste of time
Dota > Lol
this game is so cool!
9/10
so addictive,  dota should not allowed minor to play this,  but still a great game,  no 1 for me
10/10 would make you rage again
GOVNO
why do i have to download a 7.4GB update because ur last update has bug
great game
sucks and i hate for having it on my recently played
nice game
Nice game!
meh
amazing gamee <3
smite is better
The best MOBA game in the world!
dota is love dota is life <3
most ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game in the world i wanna meet who make this game and wanna kich his ass so bad
Awesome game.For all those  who loves RTS
greatest game of all time!!!
cool
if you like playing on a team with peruvians who don't speak english on the us east server and feed their butts off then ur gonna love this game
Defense of the Ancients never dies, that's it.
aaa
nice game
Iloveit
so good
DOTA of Legend
not bad
Es ok learn Spanish so you can fight with Peruvians about who is better.
k
heyadsa
After 10000 hours i realized that there were not 9 idiots in each match,but 10
aaaaaaaaaaaa
better than lol
dota dota dota ♥♥♥♥
ggggg
It is one of the best Mind Game that I ever played.
mediocre game
Awesome and addictive game
The best game ever....im never get bored while playing this game....perfect and damn fun....since the new update released this game is got more better and amazing......Subarashiiiii(japan)
wow
nice
Best Game Ever !!! ^_^
This game so good and help us to learn about teamwork to win something
Best Game Ever i would rate this 11/10
Perfect 
gg
I play this game like i breathe
nc game 
nc game
best game
Choi.
I never bored to playing this game, but dota need much time to play it. =)))))))))
Great game have been playing for 3 years now would recommend
I had to sell my ass to a taiwanese  nugget man to get to play this game once.   Good day my fellow real nibba's '100 emoji' '100 emoji' 'fire emoji'      -ps yall hoes don't even smoke crack
good game,
:D
Nice game ☺😊
its really fun and have a good interface
GG
weqweq
its fun and competitive game, glad i play this
i love playing this game
this game gave me second life, thank you
This no Just a game This a Passion :v
Playing since dota 1 ..... the best moba game of all time. the game keep changing from time to time to make me keep playing this game.   Rank system is good, market is good ..... everything is good XD
♥♥♥♥ u 
...
best game ever 
10/10 Best Report and Swearing Simulator,You Mid =♥♥♥♥ u Reported, You bot =♥♥♥♥ u Reported, You top = ♥♥♥♥ u Reported rt, You Feed =♥♥♥♥ u  Reported, You Jungle = ♥♥♥♥ u Reported, You Support = ♥♥♥♥ u noob support Reported,Best server is the Sea Asia Server the best where you can learn the best doto by Swearing and reporting your own teammates haha GG LOL
Отличная игра за свою цену. Разработчикам спасибо, действительно хорошая работа. Квестов очень много, и они интересны и разнообразны. Нельзя не упомянуть про реалистичные морские баталии,появление Лефиафана во время боя вообще забыть крайне сложно! В целом, все здорово, есть пара недочетов с системой абордажа, но я надеюсь, это поправят в скором времени. Советую всем любителям подобного жанра.
hi
meh.
i did not like Dota 2, for it was too complicated for me and the more levels you have the more health you get, hence the lack of spirit i put into this game.
GGWP
Good game..game for all and for fun..full of challenges
❤️❤️❤️❤️
it can get you addicted and one you play, you can never stop
gege
Best game in my life.
gg. Ruined my diploma 8/10 would play it before reborn Would not recommend you to ruin your studies.
a
ggwp
- There's a fine line between bravery and stupidity - Toxic player :) - Addicted  100/100
its pretty good
Are you lost?
y
played this game a bit, pretty fun.
Gem iz gud.
oky i guess
I won't date a girl who doesn't have a Steam account and no girl will date someone with THIS MANY HOURS OF DOTA LET ME LIE YOU BASTARDS.
Amazing game with fantastic features! Overall was great and mind-blowing experience and i hope one day i can become a better dota player
Nice game,,, Well play,,,,,    I nominate this game fo CHOICES MATTER award, because this games is good and nice to play with my friends,,,
sadasdsad
n1
OVERALL Toxic, Ignorant, selfish community. All of smurf and toxic players.
Best Game Ever
This game very nice to play
i make zues  mission is pass why give me disqalified ......o0o
best online strategy game i ever played 
LOLOLOLO
this game is so good. GOOD GAME WELL PLAYED
Into The Abyss Of The Human Mind...
GG
worst ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ player... avoid him if possible. if u start a game with him, sure loss for you. autistic boy
Teammate is the hardest enemy :D
Best GAme in my whole life
wp
good
new into MOBA or want more immersion or depth?? play SMITE instead !!
VERY NICE GAME!
awsome!!!! Liked it
I recommend this game,you can make friendship and others :)
Best Game Ever
It's so good in so nice
:)
Cool
Best one really i like it 🇱🇰🇱🇰🎮
best multiplayer game!"game of the year"
gg end
Good game!
Cool 
GG
My Life has disappeard in front of me. almost 3k hours and I'm still 2k. WHATS WRONG WITH ME!
Tried dota again after a million years of break from it and this was what i noticed. Perspective from an average 4k MMR player.  1) The UI changed, now it require the user to use tools to enlarge the screen so that the user can actually see stuff.   2) The map changed totally from the traditional map that we all loved and now it seems like this game is a copy of LOL, playing this game now is like taking a kick to the nutsacks as it makes you cringe so much.   3) The community is "wonderful" as always, helping to maxed out the carry bar in 3 blink of an eye. So instead of naming this game Dota 2, i guess it can be otherwise named as Support Simulator or Farming Simulator if played from the other 4 players perspective.  4) Halfway through the game the team is begging to get support in their lane and wards around the whole map as if the resources are free to the support players that seldom gets any farm and the loads of cash in their fat pocket is strictly meant for buying items that is only for their personal use. This part of the game will not change through the history of the game i guess.   5) Got bored halfway through the game and uninstalled.   TL/DR: 322/10 would uninstall again.
nice game
nc
i like the game
0,5 / 10  NEVER EVER... stupid ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ comunity, go hang yourself with your low prio new system. even 10 FPS after another brilliant 7.00 is better.  Dota players ruins your sanity, decrease your IQ, you can even get cancer. ♥♥♥♥♥   16.2.2017 Oh man, not again. low prio just because some kebabs report you... WTF go bact to afrike
great game
GLHF
nc
Good Game
O
Good
good game
terbaik
wew
LIked the game before the 7.00 patch.
After playing a little bit...  Time to go outside, enjoy nature, fall in love, fulfill career aspirations.
Love to play with my friends
Good! 👍
its a great game ever
Just avoid this game at all costs
dadada
Funny but have huge UPDATES !! Have few servers with high lag for most people . Game has unbalanced heros like Slark and OD . gameplay and ghraphics are good. and plz Fix Techies's third skill skin for it's arcana . ty Goodluck.
Dota 2 has it all. People who queue up only to afk or abandon, Peruvians, two people who wish to jungle at the same time, and of course the classic mid or feed player, who feeds even after getting mid. For most people who start out playing Dota 2 without experience playing a game like it well; be prepared to suck, be prepared to place very low in MMR ranking after calibrating ranked cause you sucked when you first played and those first 10-20 games are so crucial to where you will spend your time in Dota 2. I think Dota 2 is more of a sport than it is a video game that you would play to have fun, or for enjoyment/relaxation. You will watch the pros play and think damn that is awesome then you will queue up for a good ol' game of ranked All Pick only to have your team lineup consist of Chen, Enchantress, Timbersaw, Tinker, and Shadow Shaman. Game ends in 20 mins cause with two junglers and a solo offlane tinker, well, you can't help but lose. It's like watching a game of Basketball and seeing guys dunk and hit 3s; it inspires you to go to the park and try it yourself, only to leave 10 minutes later as you throw the basketball over the backboard and realize you cant get more than 4 inches of the ground when you go to dunk and well, your layup game is horrendous. I hope you like fat guys with bad teeth cause you are going to be seeing a lot of Pudge. He is in literally every game. Good news though some of those Pudge players are actually decent, bad news? They are not on your team. So be ready to dodge hooks only to have your team be hooked constantly even when Pudge is showing blatantly on the map. You will start to feel good after learning and trying to get better at the game, you will even know that Berserker's Call reveals invisible units too, but the bad axe player on your team doesn't know that and insists you are wrong and an easy kill slips through your fingers. I hope you are ready to struggle over a green +25 as you are only as good as your visible ranked MMR. Have other things to do? Work? Kids? Well then do not play Dota 2. You have what, 3 hours of downtime? You will just lose 2 games and win 1 and go to bed with that bad taste in your mouth after hearing "gg ez mid" for two games from your team and the enemy even though you had no intention of going solo mid as Oracle, I mean you first picked him cause you wanted to play support and they asked you to cause they didn't want to get counter picked. Dota 2 is ultimately a game of trolls, whether it be the force staff into the enemy fountain or the IO relocate into the enemy fountain, I assure you, you will be frustrated. Had a really good game? Be prepared for a really bad one. 10 game win streak? Be prepared for a 12 game losing streak. 58% win rate? Oh you only play unranked that is why it is so high. You are trash cause you do not play ranked and have low MMR. You were not around when the game had loopholes in the MMR algorithm and you could just abuse for high arbitrary numbers. Dota 2 is ultimately a game of grinding a large ♥♥♥♥ with no lubrication and when you ask for it a little slower it gets rammed in there without warning.
waiting in que for 10 min whos running this mess a bunch of flipping homosexuals?
 ..... 
it was dum
Свака част!
10/10
hgjjgfhuytjgtyueudfgy ndfhdfgbftdhdfgh
WP
great game
good
ur mum gey
Amazing game.........is what I'd say if this game was any good at all, Riot, go back to making league of legends.  9/10 it has a little something for everyone
bad community - good game
i cant see a map wtf is this happening???
I still dont know how to play this game.
it best game on my life
mostly the comunity, in their opinion you dont start any where, you are supposed to start good, havnt met a single nice persone yet. if, god forbid you decide to try someone new, than be ready for a ♥♥♥♥ storm
good good
gg
Best game ever.
I have no idea how to play this not a bit!
7.0 spoiled dota
good game
very good game but need to fix the mini map plz 
!!
Addicted!
i dont know
DOta2 BEST STEAM game
nu-mi place muie
this is awesome :D
This ♥♥♥♥ gay lol
This is literally the only MOBA out there that is like, "Okay, we make enough money, here is all the heroes guys, please support us with cosmetics but if you want balance, this is the way to go."  Not only that there is an arcade. A ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ arcade, which by the way is the only MOBA that gives an arcade.  Whats even more is that its fun, its very fun, its amazing fun, and even though MOBAs arent really my thing, this game is definitely the best MOBA out there.  LoL is pay to win, relics are buyable in a way. Which boost your stats. Also, you can buy multiple heroes which can sometimes be OP or hard counter to others.  Then there is Heroes of the Storm which is just an arcade version of LoL that wants your money just as much if not more.  Dota 2 is perhaps the most respectful game left in the gaming community right next to Path of Exile. They hope you enjoy the game and if you do, they know you will pay. Even if you are only paying for cosmetics and those who do get huge respect.   I dont really understand why people play anything else, I mean the fact that heroes are locked behind a paywall is proof this is at least pay to have a little edge since you can understand how other heroes work by playing them a little. Which gives you that edge of experience, then being able to hard counter others and find the ones that are a little more OP.   But I guess it is about preference, but I dont see how you can prefer something that gives you everything for nothing. Thats like asking for 100 bucks and getting 100 bucks, then the other 2 give you 10 and make you pay twice as much for the rest and you are like, "♥♥♥♥ yea this is awesome." But I guess gameplay and blah matters.  Play this game and give it a try, compare it to others and see what you like.
.
It's like lol but with less kids and more grown men that behave like kids
AWESOME GAME!!                                             KEEPS ME AWAY FROM ALL THE ♥♥♥♥                                                         ONE OF MY FAV GAMES...LOVE IT FROM D BOTTOM OF MY HEART
i cant see my meini map !!!!!
Not just a game, it's part of my life.
Well...this game is amazing
^^ BEST EVER ^^
dota i like <3
I played it a bit, seems fun
FIX THE MINIMAP VALVE PLZ
SeemsGood (:
Cancer can be cured .... But the sea community will never cure ....  nice patch 7.0.7 is L.0.L
Its awesome
If you're looking for a game review you've come to the wrong place. But if youre looking for a fantastic ravioli recipe you've come to the right place.  Ingredients - To Make the Dough 375 grams (3 cups) plain flour 1/2 teaspoon salt 2 eggs 1/4 cup (50 ml / 3½ tablespoons) olive oil 1/2 cup (120 ml / 8 tablespoons) water Extra flour for dusting    - To Make Cheese Filling 15 ounces (425 grams) container Ricotta cheese 5 ounces (142 g/about 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons) "3 Cheese Italian Blend" (Parmesan, Romano & Asiago) Note: grate these cheeses yourself and create your own custom blend. 1/2 cup cheddar cheese 2 eggs, lightly beaten 1/2 teaspoon salt 1/2 teaspoon pepper   - Extras Your favorite sauce for the ravioli (i.e. marinara/ marijuana) Parmesan cheese Basil Fried vegetables Shrimp Fish slices Chicken pieces  Make the Ravioli filling.  - In a small mixing bowl, add the ricotta and mash with a fork. - Add in the 3-cheese blend, Cheddar cheese, eggs, salt, and pepper. - Mix all ingredients thoroughly until you have a smooth, paste-like consistency. - Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and place it in the refrigerator for about 30 minutes.   Make the Ravioli dough.  - Crack eggs into a large mixing bowl and beat them with a fork. Add water, oil, and salt. Mix. - Add 1 cup flour to the bowl. Use a fork to mix the flour with the eggs, water, oil, and salt. Repeat with the rest of the flour. Mix until a smooth dough is formed. - Clear and clean off a large work surface and dust it with flour. This is where you are going to roll out your dough. - Take the dough out of the mixing bowl, shape it into a ball, and place it on your work surface. Knead for at least 10 minutes or until it becomes elastic. - Dust a rolling pin with flour to prevent the dough from sticking. Roll out the dough until it is about 1/8 inch (1/3 cm) thick, or about the thickness of 2 stacked quarters. - With a cookie cutter or upside-down water glass, cut out circles in the dough (will make about 15-20 dough circles). - Ball up the unused dough and either roll it out and make a couple more raviolis, or wrap it and put in the freezer for another time. Dough can keep for weeks when frozen. Just make sure to wrap well so that it doesn’t suffer from freezer burn or absorb freezer odor.   Fill the Ravioli shells.  - Take the ravioli filling out of the refrigerator and place a tablespoon of it in middle of a dough. - Fill a small bowl with water, dip your fingers in, and moisten around the outer edge of the dough circle. - Fold the dough in half over the filling, making a half-moon shape. Be sure all the filling stays inside. Pinch the edges together and then seal the edges of the ravioli with a fork. Make sure to press firmly and go all the way around. This will add a “homemade” touch as well. - Repeat this process for all your dough circles. - Dust the finished ravioli with flour to keep them from sticking together.   Form the Shells and Fill Using a Ravioli maker.  - Roll the dough into two sheets - Place one sheet on the ravioli maker, and form the filling cups. - Fill with the ravioli mixture. - Lay the second sheet of dough on top, and roll it out. This will seal in the filling. - Remove and separate the finished raviolis.  Cook the Ravioli.  - Fill a large pot with water and bring to a boil. - Place the ravioli in boiling water for 5-6 minutes, or until they float. You can also test for doneness by nibbling on the edges to test. - If you don't want to make all the ravioli at one time, you can freeze the rest  - Take ravioli out of boiling water with large slotted spoon and place on warmed plates  Serve it up. Top with your favorite sauce, grate some fresh cheese over it, and enjoy!
no.1
You know, this game makes you nervous when you play solo but when you play it with mates, you can punch their faces in the school next day
I would recommend it but after the update 7.00, I am npt playing often because the gameplay and the maps and most of the dota 2 has change drastically. Its like the update 7.00 has change dota 2 become dota 3.
Great MOBA with a side of salt... But hey, LOL has that too!
i dont like this game
is awesome and is free (♥♥♥♥ russains) :)
Hello Dota 2 , i have been getting some bug/glitch in game. When ever i play normals, ranked and even AI my mini map doesnt show on my screen . Like its all gray color and nothing more. I can click it but i cant see heroes and the map. Like there is nothing on it. I just this probleme yerstesday after the update. So Im asking if next patch will fix this problem . Thank you and have nice day <3
We had a match and we bet 250 but a player got dc and said that the game wont be recorded. Then after that game our coins didnt come back and didnt also add in our battle pass points.
Cool
nice
This is a really good game. many tactiks how to win this game.
Game GOOD
A VERY GOOD GAME! ADDICTIVE SUPER SO MUCH
This game is very good,but dota2 Arcana is very Expensive
a very nc game and good moba experience... the communityis friendly, the one they call peenoise, they say i love you by saying putang ina mo ang bobo mo wag ka na mag laro :) everyone agrees
I cant see my minimap plz fix it
dfsZF
My love Dota 2 😘
Good game
I can't see anything on mini map! please fix it!
i realy like this game :) :* <3
Incredible game if you like solo fighting against 9 people ;)
i am having a problem in my mini map in the latest patch in febraury 2017.. mini map is pure blank gray.. please solve this problem.. i am having a low priority because of this.. mini map is only blank.. please help as soon as you can..
Thank you so much
best game ever
Kek
My minimaps not show anything in game??What problem?? 
just find this helpful and ill be happy ;D
My game :D
JUST DON'T
Hard Game
good
cummies
10/10
good
Nice
NICE
One of the best games.
why my minimap is blank..how to solve it..restart also same
GG
good
i like dota pls give me arcana
good
Once you IN, you will never can OUT. But it's OK!
SICK!!!
gg
OK
Dota is the most favorite game in my gaming life.I play it every time.
best game
Whenever you feel stressed, do  play the game with random players across world :) Random players are better than your friends :)
GREAT GAME
nice game even after 10 years of playing it
ok
ez
Salty player.. But Game is Much fun..Would recommend..
+rep
GOOD
Secret😇😇😇
the best game ever
nice
Dota 2 Is <3
Better LoL
good
wow just wow
.
Sad
most addicting game
Hate this game
Best Moba Game Ever
the worst game ever seen
good
Good game
NEW PATCH NEW MOVE
nice game!!!
A co-op game that relies on teamwork, management skills and wit to outsmart, outgun and outplay the opponent team. A wide variety of heroes to choose from means I will be able to pick one that best suit my playing style. (Nature Prophet is my favorite)  What do I like best about Dota? The dynamic gameplay that it provides. Every game is different. Strategies that apply from one game might not work in another. The challenges that each game provides promises players hours of fun.  In one sentence: "Dota provides for an incredibly entertaining, strategic, deceptive and cooperative gameplay."
I've downloded the game about 1 month ago since then i'm just downloading updates XD
hey idiot/ don't buy acc dota2. u need delete dota2 now. idiot
i cant run now the dota because the updates cant download, can u fix the problem. 1st time to experience this type of problem in downloading & updating.
GOOD GAME
dota 2
Good Taste
this game is so addicting play... I'm a dota fan and I play dota that's why I love this game
addictive
zz..
good game
Gg
om mantaf om
best MOBA in the world
GG
Game nya seru
just awesome
hello
Best Game Ever
fun
ouch
4years and still count
no minimap. please update.
ahahahahhaa
hahahahaha its never been hard to ks
Great game whether you are competitive or just play for fun. My favorite.
hahahawhawh
Good Game
eqqeqeq
If you like being berated and called an idiot for trying to learn how to play, then this game is for you.
good!
discount LoL... oh wait.
Too addictive. I can never truly quit; it'll always eventually pull me back in.
Nice game, but can you decress the amount of update?
:D
It destroyed my life. Report support for no wards.
Awesome
this game is stupid cus u have to downoad it :( dont get
Best game ever!
i have problem when i instal dota 2 , can u help me ?
Best game ever, been playing for more than 10 years, definetely recommend!
good
pls help me,,,in my game dota 2 maps no looked when play
Best ;)
best game ever
GG
gg
nice game oh my lala :)
lmao
Ooye
Idi nahui.   69/10
This game has sucked the life out of me. I am stuck in 1k hell
so wp
this game is so funny, and can make you happy.
.
Nice Game !
Deeply Rage inducing, Complicated, yet a brilliant game. If you are willing to suffer 30 hrs of what can only be described as pure horror
This game is 1 of my favorite games , it have new heroes coming out, updates each week, and design is incredable improved past years. I like it, and i recommend you to play this game.
It's okay.
To addicted with this game..
better than league
Great
Comeback Is Gonna Real..! :D
Great
This game is so fun 😉😂...I love it 😍💜
EA have better servers 
League of Legends is less toxic than this piece of ♥♥♥♥ game. League is also less punishing for one death. In this game, you can lose an entire match just because you died once. Players will flame you if you don't do everything exactly perfect, and will report you just for learning how to play. Also, you can be forced to play pvp games just because you got reported in bot games. The overall playability of the game is at 0. You need to spend weeks just to learn the mechanics of the items, and the heroes can oneshot you at level 3.
This is LoL.... or LoL is like Dota2.... u know.... same.. but diferent.   10 league players would come make a review on dota2 / 10
Great game with a hard learning curve (when you play 5 man in a small server pool with one person on team being lvl 50 well the rest are lvl 1) that makes you find true friends, start your night laughing and joking with each other and end it with wanting to stick a dagger in their backs, and repeat it the next day... If you die just blame everything on lag or the supports for not warding (IF you have supports). If you decide to play a support be ready to be sworn at, pinged and reported for "feeding" ,not placing enough wards (when there are none in stock). Just remeber that every hero has a counter, to find out what counters what, just play more dota until you find one. if all else fails just play techies everyone will love you for it :)
It's not League Of (Polska ♥♥♥♥♥, midorfeed) Legends. Great MOBA experience tbh. 10/10
The decency system has humiliated me many times by making unfair decisions. When you are paired with players with extremely low playing skills for several games in a row, you lose interest in playing with these players. In order not to lose or at least somehow save the gameplay that will lead to a pleasant game and victory, you give your all. However, players who do not understand your actions or decisions or who simply stand by and do not react to the gameplay or the situation that has developed throw reports at you, and you will always wait a whole day for a ban on the game in principle because the system has calculated that you are guilty, and in order not to give reports, you are forced not to play for pleasure, but to suffer because you understand that the specific actions of your allies lead to defeat, and you cannot act in your own way as you think is right, because your actions may be viewed negatively and a report may be given. It is even unclear how to behave in the gameplay to restore decency. You are forbidden to communicate and you cannot somehow coordinate or direct the gameplay, and this is a vicious circle and a direct path to defeat, why not make it so that the players have the opportunity to make a decision to lift the ban on communication? After all, it was much more correct and better for the gameplay. Why, I should receive a report, while my ally who not only does not fulfill his role, but does not even appear on the line he chose, after which it loses and all your allies complain about you and throw reports at you, and you cannot draw the attention of your allies to the actions of your specific player, because you already have low integrity, and as a result you receive a report and not the player who ruined the game from the very beginning. You need to play 15 games on average for your decency to be updated, and it rises very slowly, and you can play 50-100 games very well, despite even problems in your game with teammates, but in one game you will stumble and pop an ally, and he will give you a report, and from the very beginning when this player, taking the role-playing game, does not fulfill his role, he may not even be on the line of his role, he gives you a report and you get a penalty in the form of -1000 decency and a ban on playing and communicating, and so on. My account has 24,000 hours of play, so you can make some adjustments based on experience, but I simply can't communicate with my allies. I wonder what kind of pleasure you, the esteemed developers of this system, would get if every new colleague in your team did things that would get you a minus bonus salary, and you would try to correct his mistakes, since you understand that you have no choice but to do the work or you simply won't be paid under such conditions, and he, in addition to everything, your colleague complained to the management and they banned you from communicating and even removed the bonus, with a ban on working the next day. And working for free can be a few hours or a day. I want to remind you that I have 24,000 hours, I think this can be considered a veteran of Dota 2 and it deserves respect, I don't want to create another account to play for fun, I just want fair decisions and a fair opportunity in the game. Understanding that it won't be ideal, I ask you to take at least some measures regarding the integrity of my account, the integrity of the game as a whole, and the very specifics of its analysis and decisions. Thank you.
nice game
Its okay game :DD
GG
Nc Strategy game,Like it! GGWP
Ok sad
waste of time
nice
asdasd
cool game
noob
the best game in the world and very addictive.
-
dota 2 is the wrst game ever created
GGWP
gg
....
drug games
the best!
coooool
anasını sikeyim böle oyunun
worth years of gaming
Please describe what you liked or disliked about this game and whether you recommend it
Its gòoòooood !!
you would feel better in life if u uninstall this game
Good strategy game.
A desperate attempt to steal the thunder of LOL. Don't play it, a waste of time. Stick with League.
good game
This game teaching me how to handle your angry
This is a best MOBA game that a have ever played, and i played a lot of them
Dota 2 is a very nice online game. I love it. I am a juggernaut man
Best game
i cant dawonlode plz heilp me
great
really like this game
WOW
game jos
Nice Game
Like learning to ride a unicycle while a Russian guy throws tomatoes at you.
Please Be Good To Me.
Best game
wew nice
good game
i recommend this game
i love this game than any other game i have been playing it since 4 years n i am not bored at all this the best game to get ride of your tensions :P  
meh..
:D
...
gg
a
ohhh lwaaaaaaaaaa
Had fun playing it...
Please continue to update and make Dota 2 more enjoyable game.
nc
Cancer.
Don't Blink!
great game if you like eating ♥♥♥♥
good 
glhf dota2
Good match
the best game for all time you can find teammate working
Eat sleep Dota ... Eat sleep Dota Repeat -SEA region GG -Pick 5 carry Ez - No range hero  cancer Trash  blame flame suka blayt  GGWP
rcancer
Best game eveeer 😍😍😍
Greatest game of all time...
I spent 4000 hours in this game and it frankly was a very negative experience now that I think about it. The players are incredibly toxic. Players who want to just have fun and goof off are in ranked mode when there is a normal mode.
Such wow!
my youth!
why
♥♥♥♥
nice game
ONLY IDIOT HATE THIS GAME
too good
This Game is awesome,Never get Old
Used to be the best MOBA... And then updates happened... And now is worse than LoL <FeelsBadMan>
Nice Game
The game is very entertaining.
Good GAME...
ggwp gaben
Very Good!
best game
Nice game
Дота это стратегия не для слабонервных, а что насчёт персонажей их более 100 на любой вкус Большие, маленькие, дальники,ближники. Но Главная Особенность игры Dota 2 в неё играют Миллионы игроков и более 300к Лучшие, когда играю в Dota 2 я понимаю что это лучшая игра, и если бы я был администратором Steam я бы дал ей награду "Лучшая Игра  2000 годов!". Вот и всё что я могу сказать о вселеной Dota 2. Кстати я забыл что там есть способности их очень очень очень много  Стандарт это 4 способности а бывают персонажи у которых 5,6,7,8,9 и т.д. способностей вот например персонаж Pudge очень популярный персонаж часто его берут когда он даже не подходит, если не знаете кто зайдет смотрите гайды и т.д. ну или "Dota 2 с чего начать?" кстати дота это как продолжение серий игр Warcraft кто не играл советую=).     
nice game
good game, not bad game.  i'm 12 btw
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ noobs 
better than leage...............
Good Game Ever
I LOVE DOTA 2
If you're no playing this, you're from another planet XD
ok
Fun game.
nice game adicting
dada
It's funny af but I think that the main problem is how matchmaking works; I know that you get matched with ppl of your same lvl; but when you get better at this and you want to try ranked this is really disgusting. Dota2 should have seasons as other games  have it  so you can show how you improved season by season instead of a cancer lifetime rank. Also there should be a "kick option" so you can kick a player who is feeding or being such a cancer flamer.
Arguably one of the most toxic filled scum holes in all of online gaming. Voice chat or just plain text chats are filled with profanity and what not, makes you think everyone in this game are 12 year olds. It’s a great MOBA, one of the best, but the player base just ruins it with all the constant stream of insults and cussing, decent players are few and far between. I would not recommend this game to anyone other than a MOBA fan, avoid this S*H*I*T like the plague.
wp 
great game
u should try this :D
still my best game ever :D :P
Pew
This game is awesome!!!
nice game
nice game for noob
how do you review this games hahahah
Best moba availible.
Addictive!
i can spend the whole night playing this game
Honestly it's a really good game and yeah you get teammates that you may not like but keep going through the reward is great.( there really is no reward it's basically winning) eks de 
What happen after last updates ?? i always get not responding whenever my dota 2 running. spec qualify update? higher specs pc needed?
gg
best game ever
Best game!
how to remove gem in bundle dota 2
gg
Not for me.
So fun
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game ever, got no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ clue as to what to do in the game after completing the 6 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ toturials 9 times. i guess they only want to keep the 9 Russians playing the game, as no normal functioning human being has a single ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ chance of learning the game. The first tutorial tells you a nexus, towers, minions and a shop exist, but in the 2. TUTORIAL they expect you to have sucked one of the 9 russians ♥♥♥♥ so they would teach you the game, because thats apparently the only way you can learn it.
nice
its ok
Yes Yes
very good addictive
good moba
really good game.
ehgegdsgtrsdfgsdfwraasf
2017 Dota  has  change agin  now its more like league of legens but stills   been dota 2   . If u like coop games  and team work games this is the best video game u can play . 100% great
gg
Nice Game
<3
RECOMMENDED
Good game
Best game EU
gg wp
Best MOBA game in existence. One of the deepest multi player games ever which makes the learning curve really high so beware, this game is not for the faint-hearted.
Cool
do not install
Have played for forever, can be addicting, frustrating, fun, boring... There's a lot to Dota 2 and a lot you can miss out on. Just keep an open mind and you're likely to like what you find. Unless you find people expecting you to know exactly what to do, yelling at you 'n shiz. Screw those guys.
Game with an awful matchmaking...
good game
coolest
Horrible community.
Ggwp:-P
ggez
asd
awesum game i ever played..  and addicted with 7.00 patch
asasas
:D :D :D :D
This game will literally make you want to kill yourself for one hour straight
hdjsjdahsdk hathi dlskdjlkajsdlakjgnsdffg ksnmnsnfdkjh aj ilsjdlasbs dsfkashflkasldfhafhdasjfsdjklfhkadkfhadsa  a\kbfdjsbdfaskbaksdasjkalsjfad  afkadsjfhlkasd jodkfjkladf dfjjfljda)f)ad fdajfdafajdlfkadfdaf afadfaklfjlakdjfjkad gjdlajfkaldjfl   fjdlkjfljlajflajdfljafafd af a dfdfdadklfjdlkjjllklkll  lkmdlfgkdsgagůlkgmfsgsůdfglsgmsm     mám maůe úero dasdnaklsndkjhhakjgfasfaadsfa dfkljasdlfjlajfa  a fasdjfodkjfadsfa dfdaklfjkapdlfa kjg fagjng asgadfadf adfjma fajkdfaspofkaslfklůaůlkflůakfsůfskůkůlafsůklflsůfskaůldlůsakdldůgksdjfgjakldgn 
I hate Dota and I love Dota.. so much that i spend over 200 days of my life playing this thing trying and failing to climb the ranks. Its toxic but i keep coming back for more. Why? How? I dont know... The feeling you get when you win that one game after weeks of getting trashed and abused.. Maybe.. I need help...
Nice Game
Bad community.But also fun
PEEENOISE <3
3 words to describe this game "BEST GAME EVER"
The best MOBA out there, and probably one of the best games ever? It's free too, so hop right in!
It's a game.  Edit: Grammar
this game is full of trash talker
Best Gamer 👊
NO NO  NO !!  
I like this game because it is continuously evolving.  Also, the vast amount of items that are available in-game and the new items that are constantly being added makes it more fun and enjoyable to play.  Overall, Dota 2 has created its own gameplay that sets it apart by miles from all other games.
need to improve
Please don't play this game. You will end up smashing your pc and hating humanity.
[h1]Best MOBA ever arguably[/h1] [b]Review[/b] [list] [*][u]Fantastic community[/u] Awesome community, carefully maintained, commends for good players, easy reports for trolls [*][u]Balanced[/u] Very balanced game, as long as you know what you're doing [*][u]Steep learning curve[/u] Do not play this if this your first MOBA ever. I suggest playing others first to get the basic idea before jumping here. Also, you need help from a veteran, a friend or youtube channel. [*][u]Crazy choice of heroes[/u] A crazy amount of heroes available each with unique abilities [*][u]Lots of arcade modes[/u] Modded versions that are officially approved if you ever get bored of the normal game(you never would, though) [*][u]Requires stable internet connection[/u] 5 minutes of inactivity or disconnection results in an abandon which prevents further matchmaking for increasing intervals of time [*][u] Play to win![/u] Unlike other games it is mostly play to win. All skins are decorative only and the only thing that'll help you play is you yourself [/list] [quote=KenSoulslayer]It's crazy sick !!!  [i] My first review ever :) If you think it helped you upvote so it can help others[/i]
The BEST MOBA game EVER!
u suck !
good game
good plant
The best game ever! 
Great game to play, enjoyed ever hour
wp
Superb Gameplay with Regular Updates! Perfect Multiplayer Game which is free to play and great to play among friends..
good
mantap soul nih game asik banget dah
if dota is a child it would be 22 weeks old by now
nice game ever
nice game
pls notice me senpai
the best game ever
Hi I highly recomend this game..
I have 2,678.3 hrs in Dota 2 So wake me up, when its all over !
EZ
A very good game. Well done Gaben.
500 hours taken from my life....  PROs for me:  - lot's of heroes to choose from/lot's of styles of play - the map is one of the best balanced map in online video games  CONs: - toxic community - one of the worst in my experience - really long matches - normally for me it was between 30-75 minutes, although I can't deny it gives great satisfaction if you win after a 60 minutes of struggle, but now, that I am a working human being I cannot allow this long matches  Now which one is the best? This? LOL? HOTS? Other? For me it's definitely not this, that's why I stopped playing it permanently and choose something else....  My recommendation would be...try out all the moba's, than decide for yourself...
hi all
5 star game . very nice
[h1][b]BEST GAME EVER[/b][/h1]
Nc
gwapo!
Awesome
Best Free-to-Play ever.
Dota 2 is a great game if you want to waste a weekend learning the basics or your entire life mastering them. The community is great as long as you mute everyone who doesn't speak english (which is a lot if you're playing on certain servers). The tutorial system is pretty good too, but PurgeGamers on Youtube has some good videos on how to play/get better.  Updates are infrequent and sweeping. I like it.
Great!
Nice
so cool
I WANT TO DIE 
Nice game
Cyka blyat
Cool
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ peenoise 10/10
10 руинеров из 10
:D
Dont play dota if you are noon P/s:HATERS GONNA SAY ME NOOB
this game sucks 
Best game ever.
Recommended game
i see no reason to play any other hero other than pangolier, as of 7.07.
Good game for all rated
Good to think
more bot heroes lol
7.31 actually ruins the game. Hard to play hero is nerfed to the ground while braindead hero is semi buffed or just slightly nerfed.
Before playing this game I thought Peruvians were only bad at soccer.
good game
Toxic Community
its me 
I want to die
I really like this game !
Addicting AF
Good Graphics! but bring back the old map
nice
cool
This game is the king of the MOBA games
evry ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ day update!!!!
good game
i cant buy items in dota 2 because it shows restriction  how can i slove this pls help me
gg
11/10 Valve Back to try the new things
10/10 The salt is in russian
Great game, lost a lot of my life to it.
Nothing to say about it, pretty sure better than HoN nor LoL.
oppai
This is DOTA 2. This game is the revolution of Defense Of The Ancient 1 or DOTA 1 on Warcraft 3. Good MMORPG
the only game that I keep playing through the Years ,and I can't stop playing it . it is addictive games unlike the other game .(hoN *LOL*) .    very excellent Game! more improvements and cheap items please! thanks!
8
WOW
cringe
league of legends 2.0 salty community all ♥♥♥♥ talk all kids screaming at their moniter.\             10/10
Best GAME Ever.............!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Heaven and Hell
Best ever
this game is awsome!
good game well designed good graphics its number 1 on all mmo games out there better than league of legends of course....and the good thing about dota 2 is that it dosnt have the kidish " LeveL Up " animation above the hero and its graphics is not cartoonish...thats why i like dota 2 and i hate league of legends ...   see this dota 2 video game play of Storm Spirit pro 34 kills and tell me what you think  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YMMfm9DNdGw
AWESOME!
Dota of the second kind
I played it since dota1 in 2008 and it was almost 9 years. I only have a quick review for the latest version. The game is AWESOME. TERRIFIC. But when I play bot games I suffer from extremely low FPS and idk why.  Local games have no lags but I play multiplay game with 60 fps and local bot game with only 10.
GGWP, this game so good
Git gut or get rekt
This game sucks and should be shot. Thanks
CYKA BLYAT!! YOSWEH!?!?! DURAK ! No i am not mean, I am just trying to prepare you for dota. Thank me later
nice game recommended for MMORPG GAMeRS
this game is awesome
its fun. lot of toxicity tho. but if u play with u friends it very enjoyable. and one more thing always mid injoker
addictive!
wew
Best MoBa game ever
full of salty player with selfish attitude 10/10 for those who love rudeness lmao
wtf cannot report?
it's amazing
BEST GAME EVER!!! 
best game ever.
BODO SAMPAH
Got my roshan, im happy now.
Dota 2 is not a story game but it is a game that looks like one. i really recommend players this strategy game. The game is really fun and also a great way to kill time. Seriously i can play dota for hours without even noticing LOL.
3ehyjlt
.
Very good game but a lot of toxic players on SEA 
Always Love this game
Game is good when u play with friends or you get borring its a nice custom map but im not recomending it by various reasons 1.community is ultra bad 2.everything Valve is doing with dota is to make money  3.The ranks system are rigged 4.cant enjoy a single game without being frustrated or getting mad 5.still good to kill time
old school all time favorite
DOTAAAAAAAAAAAAA2
Its a good game😅😅
What a very interesting and enjoyable game! Nice game! #ALWAYSWANNAFLY
COOL~
Very nice game. I like that.
It's entertaining , if I had to explain it ...... It's like a mix of Warcraft 3 and Diablo. I can see many hours in the future going into this game , maybe a few dollars too 8/10 guys. Needs an open world mode though , not just a map battle every time. Lost rating due to it not being what I expected , could have mixed in a "sacred" or "Diablo" sized map
Like dating a supermodel who constantly cheats on you.  Love it, hate it.
.
ez game
Nice game, trains my strategy. And quite addicting that it almost ruined my college.
Dota 2 is probably the most frustating game ever created. everyone will let you down constantly. your own mind and bodu will frequenly betray you and make you contend with the fact that you are not nearly as good as you think you are (or, more likely, force you to live in a fantasy dream world where you are as good as you think you are and just make you balme your teammate some more). it will turn you into a something you didnt even know yourself a monster and will destroy your life. it will murder your loved ones and feed them to you  but you will still play it anyway. you will find a time where you will ragequit and uninstall amd stare at your library of games as the creeping realizatiom sweeps over you that you not playing dota 2 will not effect the universe in a smallest way. will have no conceiveable effect on anything, you will be filled with a sudden dread that nothing you do matters and life has no meaning. Basiclu, the same feeling when you play dota 2. and dota 2 will be your only distraction from this dessicated husk of life. so the next day you will find yourself drawn back into it like a moth to a flame, starving off the moment when you will have to face your demon as long as you can. you will probably die alone some day and nobody gonna remember how high your mmr was.  so what you waitin for?   0/10 would not recomend to anyone but cant stop playing and able to stop you either
xD
Rockinn !!!
NIce game
asdsdasds
try this XD
I've played this game for sometime and its still best game to play.
Free to play....
♥♥♥♥ game for ♥♥♥♥ people, always been and will be  
yep yep
1
very addictive
Nice game..But right now, with all the update, i dont have time to adjuct to this game..i'll play this on some other time
best gem 11/10
GG
Try this game if u didn't play it for once you will enjoy it.
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game
AHUEnNAya IGRA
PLAY DOTA 2 if you want to have fun  PLAY DOTA 2 if you want to increase your word vocabulary PLAY DOTA 2 if you want to meet new friends PLAY DOTA 2 if you want to kill your time off PLAY DOTA 2 if you're living alone PLAY DOTA 2 if you're SINGLE PLAY DOTA 2 if you're UGLY as f*** PLAY DOTA 2 if you're STUPID PLAY DOTA 2 if you don't get laid by a girl PLAY DOTA 2 if the world saps your life force away PLAY DOTA 2 if you want to know the lives of the other cultures PLAY DOTA 2 if you are a PEENOISE because they are the ones who kept the balance in the whole SEA Server alongside with Indonesians and Malays (due to there toxicness) PLAY DOTA 2 if nobody loves because the game will always love no matter what PLAY DOTA 2 if you are FOREVER ALONE And lastly, PLAY DOTA 2 if you have NO DATE THIS VALENTINE'S DAY ./.
Nice game 😋
The Best Game I Played!!!!
Hahaha
Perfect Game
Dota is love..Dota is...:))
i love u gaben
F*ck you and your updates Gaben
Get Guud or Get Reported Kapppa
Haha
Awesome game... must play this game
psh 7.02!
One of the best games i have ever played.. in a long time...
Recommended
need a team to play rank together
Good Game,Have Fun <3
Good.
Very good game ) kek lol arbidol 
If you didn't play dota 2 yet, consider yourself lucky. I played for more than 4.5k hours and I regret every single moment. First of all: its addictive af, its fun at the beginning you will like it farming winning losing going hard carry etc.. but as soon as you get more than 200 hours on record, gg cancer EVERYWHERE. Ive played dota, lol, cs go and many more games and believe me: dota is the most cancerous game to ever exist. If you are reading this, save a life, share it with a friend, cancer awarness. Help yourself, delete it now you can do it : Not dying by cancer > having fun  
The game was awesome. It was worth it. :-) 
Worst game ever.
Best game ever
.
Hehehe
Even this is free to play game . You will feel being rigged alive...      Kappa
wow
Nice game
 .
best game
The Best Strategy Game EVER... The first time I was playing this game was when dota is not developed yet, I was playing warcraft at that time. After the first DOTA came out, I was so into it, I played it with my friends. This game is so much fun.
YEAH
I don't understand! Why vac banned ? now how i play ? please steam valvo??? please tell me ?
Excellent and relevant. Dota will remain strong to its fans and users who get into the mechanics and gameplay of this timeless game.
No dislike i love it
Well, its the best game ever i played
Played DOTA 2 since 2013. Great game and good for killing time.
FIX PAUSE AND UNPAUSE TIME PLZ : I HAVE 13 time on LOWPRIO penalty MODE CUZ THE ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ UNPAUSE WHEN IM Y RESTArt MY ♥♥♥♥♥♥ PC ,his ON MY TEAM , AND TROLL ME FOR LOWPRIO . THIS IS ♥♥♥♥♥♥ HIS STEAM ID : 385214019 , AND THIS IS MATCH ID :2992828382   BAN HIM PLZ FOR equality and fix pause mode , limited unpause too
Best game ever with worst ever players.
a
Most interesting game ever!
STRATEGY GAME IS FUN!!!!
Been through a lot of ♥♥♥♥, this game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ good.
pretty awesome with patch 7.02
ewez welcome to dota 2
nc
Teach how to work on teamwork and be creative
I wish that Valve can balance out the game a little more.
GGwp 
is there really anything i could say
I'm a f4g
F*CK THIS GAME...RIP LIFE ;-;
XXAXAXAAXAXA
best game for me and my friend
The best game ive ever played
..
This Game is the best u wont be bored of it maximum fun
dont try this cancer cancer evrywhere
Gg
ghg
Nice
Great :D
this sucks
nc
PLAY THIS GAME!
This is a nice game many noobs are here
GJ
wow
Can't wait for the sequel!
Good man
very nc and interesting.
this game is totally awesome, and I really wanted to compete with pro Team even i only have 1 chance
I stopped playing this game because it became way too dangerously addictive. My mind recognised the normal existence mindset in the game field as a sniper from match to match then I went sleeping. There I had a returning dream that I was a man on Earth doing things like having a job and living life among other people. I decided to stuck in the dream.  I still could not figure out it was a bad thing or not. Maybe, I was a better sniper.
Icanr played dota 2 When no good party and thanks for vote this guides 
Good Game! 
Eh.
still the best game i've played
Without a doubt the best MOBA game out there. Slowly is growing and becoming amazing. :)
its poop
boring
Make me feel good  Make me have much friends  Make me have a goal
still people putting review on dota 2? :D
cool
Matching low level players vs high level players
Best game ever!
I have over 10,000 hours on this game. Pretty good.
good gaming , but please gameplay more update, and when abandon match , dont give us punishment 24 hours , its so sick
Dota is a part of my life
Reviewed!
Very addicted game and it was so great!
best waste of time ever
GoodGame
GGWP SIR
yiss very gud make moosles stronk 
Nice game. Every day you can choose on which russian server you want to play.
Really good game, and i really recomend everyone to try it. And if you are new to the game, give it some time, and its bigger chance that you will enjoy the game.
my friends i hate this game
Play - Have Fun - Enjoy
7.00
mantap jiwa
Nice Game
One of the best F2P MMORPG.
GREAT GAME
I love this game.. Teamplay awesome if u found good teamates.. But mmr very bad...ahahahaha
i love it
Wow
dota is not a game its passion
GGWP
Gg game
A game to waste your 10k + hrs
I've spent 10 years and almost 10,000 hours playing Warcraft III DotA as well as Dota 2, and loved playing it. I've met many interesting people, fought epic battles, snatched victory from the jaws of defeat through several Herculean efforts, endured many soul crushing defeats, and even clashed with a handful of professional players. The game has changed drastically over my many years of playing, but as of about a year ago, the game became too frustrating to continue, and as I continue to watch, I am saddened by what the game has become.  For years my friends and I have joked about the "League-ification" of Dota. Dota has always been the epitome of hyper competitive cooperative gameplay, with a high emphasis on individual skill and decision making at all phases of the game, especially in punishing poor decisions. Pushing a tower alone with nobody showing on the map? Get back or you're dead. Hard carry dies past 40 minutes without buyback? That's a barracks down. Pick crappy laning heroes? Welcome to hell while the enemy team runs a trilane and pushes barracks at 20 minutes.  Our jokes slowly but surely became a reality. Teleport scrolls were reduced in cost, meaning everybody rolled around with a handful because they weren't a financial burden. Ways to gain gold were increased, so supports could afford to have a handful of items in the mid game. The rubber band effect was introduced, and pushing strategies were neutered. You pick a lineup to take towers and take one unfavorable engagement and the game's over, whereas previously the greedier lineup would have to do more work than a single fight to overcome the gold advantage. The cost of boots was reduced, taking boots first strategies from a sure sign that you were bad to a viable strategy. Strong laners also got pushed out. Dominating the early game became effectively irrelevant as killing giant money bag heroes in the midgame would slingshot the trailing team into the lead.  The worst casualty has been the versatility of the game. Metas change and stuff goes in and out of favor, that's fine and fair, but certain aspects have become imperative to have. A support with a hard save, a hard carry that can fight in the early mid game. Bad laning heroes can just be sent mid, while traditional skill mid heroes are just sent to the safelane. When you take a big lead, the plan is almost always just farm out the map until you can't possibly lose when taking the high ground, as taking a risk will not just result in you losing a fight, but most likely the lead.  The game that I grew up with that punishes the smallest mistakes is a distant memory, and we are left with a mid game brawler. I wish Dota 2 the best as it progresses, but the core mechanics have been changed so drastically that I can neither play nor watch it without feeling like something that was once an unrelenting niche game has been formed to cater to the whims of the massive casual audience that it has attracted.
its like doulingo just for russian. 9/10 recommended. update: no more russians
kLaaSS
Literally Cancer
sad
Yes!
H A H A
GG
Too competitve, you make one mistake, or you don't go in the lane that someone wants you to, you get sworned at and reported.
Good
best game ever
Gave me cancer. Best game ever 11/10 Kappa.
Loyal with this game <3
Recommended!
SO GOOD GAME!!! I LIKE THAT!!
it's really good game
nice game, very addictive
I LIKE ALL FEATURES NO UNLIKES
great game so fun
10/10-Yep
asdsadsfaafaffafas
only fun with bots
GOOD GAME
Dota 2
Okay.. Playing dota 24hours now
NIce game in the world 
Strategic and improves teamwork 
Well Played !
            aasafs
QWERTYUIOP
Nice game ! :D 
nice and good
the game changed alot . this is not dota anymore . its DOLOL wp volvo
i love dota
- Pick Tiny - Get mega creeps - Wait near enemy fountain with teammates - Toss teammates into fountain - Teammates died - Enemies team came back - Lost. Got reported.  11/10 would do it again.
cyka blyat
I don't play this game much but, worth a shot.
its very good
SEA best server 11/10
Fun yet challenging game.
Allows the player to hone hand to eye coordination, teamwork and communication
how to buy set :(
great game! one of the oldest yet finest games in the virtual world!  It still is!
great game....addictive...
yes (Y)
nice game
good game ever
recomended for jobless
Best MOBA game so far . Great graphics, Great gameplay, a better community than other MOBA games. Also need skills and team play it is simply a great team game
Good game
LOVE THIS GAME SO MUCH
GOOD !! 
I still sometimes feel like I can't post this yet, like I need more playing hours. Let's put it this way... Eat, sleep, DOTA 2. Work pulls me away from my DOTA 2 time. I love this game.
nice
After having almost 1000 hours in the game I can say without a doubt that it is well worth the time and is fun to play.
The Best
good
♥♥♥♥ russians...
Best game
the active player numbers are fake. stay far away from this game
.......................
nice game
Cool
I like this game so much.  Of all the online games, this is what I play frequently.  You can gain your friendship as well as your strategies in playing.   This teaches us to be patient, positive and learn how to make a decisions.  I would recommend this to others but do not overuse our eyes in playing so much time.   One thing that I don't like are those players who uses bad words.  Thanks that you have placed a report on the options.  Do not mind if you win or lose.  It's only a game.  Don't ruin your personality, just stay at the right side and you will have victory in the end. Happy playing guys.
hi
addicted and brain washing
never miss this game...until i grow old YEAH..BEST
gaben tai otak tolol. update mulu lag iya berat iya bocah goblok util babi
A game that truly grasps the idea of helping those in dire need to escape their reality. After allowing peru to play on our servers, and bought accounts in 4-6k. This game has truly made a better place to find friends of South America, and help people fully understand the hardships and struggles these people go through by having feeding South Americans only play Pos 1-2 or jungle. It opened up a world of hard working, can collecting children to gather change and be fortunate enough to play at their internet cafe's and flood US West/East. God Bless them.  Very thankful for the open-mindedness of Valve and their appreciation of "Peru Lives Matter."  <3  
top games on steam.
addictive game, </3 now cant go to school, rolf
lol
game so bad
GGWP
play 2 git cancur
Niiks 
Community is a bit toxic but the game is great, balancing seems to have come far.... for most heroes anyway.  Not sure how they will move forward from here, the addition of wukong may indicate further added champions. Give it a go, and don't respond to the vileness.
game so nice
Awesome game to play....Luv u dota
Never bored with this game..
it was great until i met the toxic side of the community
ggwp
Nice Game <3
Amazing stress-free game, good for getting rid of 4 other friends.
Hye giys
good game
MOBA game inside an update simulator game
Nice game :D but hot head game i ever played
wow
Good game
GGWP
dont like games like this :(
good game
total sh*t
ggwp
I have much fun with my team but anyway there are too many abuse in SEA sever. That's too annoying.
32626
Good Game!!!
 i like the game
hmm
G G BOIES
Almost flunked my year with this game  Never doubted my decision 10/10
hahaa
I like this game play, strategy and critical thinking is needed to win, maybe also skill and remember your enemy weakness. But since this game is quite serious, like mmr, event, tournament, etc; some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ easily angry and blaming everywhere. Most common blame is "putang ina mo" "noob" and "bobo". Thats annoying as hell since mostly blamer not really good in play. Also this game has unpredictable update that annoying too, i mean some online game scheduled their update in certain time, but dota is not. So, prepare yourself for many quota anytime.
Superb games.
addictive
very nice :D
I LIKE THIS GAME
Fun game..but so Hard to get high rank
Good
alrightttttt! 
its a really good game theres lots of heros to chose from lots of content some really cool and intersting game modes
PLAY TO DIE
glitch
not balanced player  mid or afk or feed  just trash player   and not balanc MMR  mmr Ez   unistall Dota 2
You need to change the requirements for low prio..literally I can end in low priority status just by owning the enemy team. Bring it back to the old way, By quitting, you get punished with lp. But not by reports.
weed
THIS GAME IS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ GARBAGE THIS MMR SYSTEM AND SERVERS ARE FULL OF GARBAGE GARBAGE!!!!
Good PPL
Frustrating, toxic and time-consuming. 10/10 will play again. And again.
cancerous.
Good Game To Play... Hard Game To Forget...
A game that can be played on a wooden pc
Fun and enjoyable better than the old on
Worst game ever.
Dota 2 is great game which teaches you team work!
+I ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ WITH 500 MRR IS KEEP COMMING TO MY MACHMAKING I FKN HATE U ALL
Great game I play it all the time with my friendos and we win them all!!!
should be early access 
DOTA 2 THE BEST :v
pugnaaa
Best game ever! Each match are different and we always learn new things even after several hundred hours of games
nice game
Wow
This game is awesome
I ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ love this game
This is good game for old dota players but practice get too much time
its not launching trough my laptop macbook pro...
soso 
Uhmm... I missed the old version, map, patch. :(
2000 hours, it's not bad :)
A friend convinced me to try it out. As a veteran moba player, I absolutely hated it. The environment is extremely pastel and just looks gross. The champions have really poor ingame models compared to today's standard in games such as HotS. The shop interface is a nightmare without any form of order. The abysmal attack animations make last hitting much more difficult than it needs to be. The game menu itself is the opposite of intuitive, difficult to navigate, and feels very dated. The reporting system is completely automated and gives you a finiate amount of reports in your typical toxic moba community. If you haven't tried this yet, don't bother.
I am now cancer proof ty dota
Watch Free to Play if you want to know how this game is.
This game is so ass, I love it
The best online game ever created on planet every guy need to play this!
goonwiththespoon
toxic players
Very polite game without using any cursive words from any nations language 10/10  I hope my dream come true (die irl)
nhu buoi
ITS VERY NICE GAME
fun game, buy premier.
bring back thera 
this gamer is very good for learning about angry russians talking good about ur family and premier at this time is not playeable bc of the big amount of cheaters.Also u can see how the young players can progress in soo litle time and hit s1mple shots with about 100 hours in to the playing of the game
Veryy Kak game buttt verryyy good with friends that is funny <3
Valve Allows Cheaters   pay for prime ask for commends and play faceit
good
bestie
approved by Radži
u should learn how to handle racism
One of the best games ever created.
..
098u 
Nice , すごいぞ！
Counter-Strike has always been more than just a tactical shooter; it’s a decades-long conversation between players and the maps they’ve memorized frame by frame. Stepping into CS2 feels like coming home to a house that’s been beautifully renovated—the layout is exactly how you remember it, but the sunlight hits the floorboards in a way you’ve never seen before.  A New Coat of Paint on a Classic Canvas The transition to the Source 2 engine is nothing short of breathtaking. Maps like Inferno and Overpass have been reimagined with a vibrancy that makes the world feel alive. The way the light bounces off the cobblestones or reflects in the water isn't just a technical achievement; it’s an atmospheric shift that makes every round feel like a cinematic event.  The Magic of Volumetric Smoke The most nostalgic yet revolutionary change is undoubtedly the responsive smoke grenades. Watching a smoke bloom and then seeing a hole carved through it by a well-placed HE grenade or a spray of bullets adds a layer of physical reality we only dreamed of back in the 1.6 or Source days. It turns the "ninja defuse" and the "smoke push" into a dynamic game of cat and mouse that feels fresh every single time.  That Familiar Rhythm Despite the upgrades, the soul of the game remains untouched. That specific shot of adrenaline when you’re the last one alive in a 1v3 clutch, the rhythmic "clink" of a perfect headshot, and the frantic communication with teammates—it’s all there.  Sub-tick updates: While the technical side is complex, the goal is simple: making sure your shots land exactly when you click.  The Buy Menu: The new loadout system and circular menu feel like a modern evolution of the classic shopping experience, keeping you focused on the strategy rather than the UI.  Final Thoughts CS2 manages to capture the "lightning in a bottle" feeling that has kept the franchise alive for over 20 years. it honors the legacy of the thousands of hours we spent in dusty hallways while providing a high-fidelity playground for the next generation of legends. It is a love letter to the competitive spirit—polished, punishing, and utterly addictive.
This is very butifll and combat game with wery nice people
One of the best installments in the counter-strike series in my opinion, the amount of skins and addicting gameplay keeps you hooked for hours on end! The animations feel buttery smooth, It runs buttery smooth, and LOTS of MICROTRANSACTIONS and GAMBLING, which I love!!! 10/10 game  *please help i am held hostage by valve to write a good review for counter-strike 2*
Best game while eating jaggery
best game ever created.
i played cs for more 20 years , cs go / 2 yet worst one of them because you can't play 1 single normal game , every game there's cheater ( wall hack ) , the game start to be unplayable just because value don't want to release good anti-cheat software
 cucumber
best game ever
good but premier is unplayable
Good
Favorite/best game of all time for me
wow
COUNGER-STRIKE IS ONE OF BEST GAMES EVER
I love valve. I love Gaben. I love counter strike 2. Pls give me luck Gaben🙏
W
erhrhfch
W game
brother are u dumb
i like this game a lot  
gggg
good 
nice 
yes
Kietas zaidimas tik kad Tomas nepalosia ir gauna 6-7 dienu competitive ban
cs
sdasd
Loved the torture video
full of cheaters i wouldn't recommend this game to anyone. No anti-cheat systems
G.O.A.T.E.D
ádsad
yes
Dota 2
♥♥♥♥ game
w
good game
will ruin your life
yo guys is this normal 😁
I love it when my braindead teammates line up with my enemy while I wield an AWP, kill both and get ban for a day
All cheaters here.
solidest game
Super fun and positive game if you want to learn russian.
atallah
нешрярх1
is nice
best game ever
This game is full of sh!t full of bots and cheaters and nothing ever will be done about it. its not gonna get any better so do yourself a favor Uninstall and dont look back ...
67
kool
GREAT GAME
Its a VERY chill game def recomended.
Top
gud gejm 
гнквыосампьр
no
great gane
Casual: Full of Chads and 'alternate' accounts.  Ranked: Full of try hards who swear they could have gone pro if only they had the right team.  Turning off comms does wonders for your sanity until you get vote kicked because you've had chad screaming out enemy positions into their $20 kmart mic.
dont if u get mad easy!! 
pretty ass
Sometimes ok, sometimes depressing.
rly enjoy it
мать габена померла ради этой игры
This game is the definition of mental instability 
i played to good do get vac ban 169 days . Very good game . Very good vac 
game sucks ♥♥♥♥, can have your crosshair lined he ♥♥♥♥ up and not a bullet hits, yes im standing still, ♥♥♥♥ off
rzyt
good way to spend excess money
I love killing my teamates
will remain the best game ive ever played
     S       U       G      I       P      U       L          A
good
♥♥♥♥♥
da e ok
ez4ence prob 
Yes
it good
so fun
немогу апнуть silver2 в соревах. 
NICE GAME
csgo was better
It's fun playing and it's also a bit like a comedy show with all the funny people. Also 70% of them are Rusian peoplpe witch makes it even funnyer.
asdad
very gud
amazing
cuz good 
good game me shoot gun
yes 
Боже як же я ненавиджу цю гру
parasha concinaia
i love and hate this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥  
i have severe damage in my brain, learned russian and lost 500 euros
Ye
Love and hate this game! would definitly recommend
great 
רווחי
👨🏿👨🏿
I Get Lakwa playing this game. My second head is abnormal now
balls.
players idiots 
[h2] ↧ Rules ↧ [/h2] [b] ↳ 2-Strike Reversal System [/b] — Blacklisted after 2 Reversals. [b] ↳ Don't Spam Trade Offers [/b] — A decline is Final. [b] ↳ Only Trading [/b] — No Additional Payments.  https://steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new/?partner=895843456&token=pX5PjwWW
hyvä pewi 
Getting better at the game : ✗ Learning Russian : ✓
a
very many
I HATE THIS VIDEO GAAME\
<3
Best Competitive Game
bad game
I like getting killed by cheaters.
♥♥♥♥♥♥
all cheater
nostalgia from Counter Strike: Condition Zero
love it
it s ok
Fix your VAC
Love
bangis! penge knife. 
Best game to get depression, 10/10, always works
1
great
plz like... gimme green trust factor
it's a good game
recommend
This game is the way for many people to start their gambling addiction. And learn russian and turkish swearing  9/11 Great game
best game
fix the cheater problem
Good game 
A
there goes your money GG
good
Nice
super hot fire
Great game to get free anger issues.
love it
dog
very nice
Installed for fun. Stayed for the trauma.  Missed easy shots, got one tapped by a guy I never saw, Sometimes you play really well, and sometimes you die without even knowing what happened. Teammates can be helpful… or very annoying.  Still, it’s very addictive and I keep coming back to play again.
👍
NICE GAME NOT FOR KIDS
yo valve, dropping this review for cs2 real quick. no cap, the game itself is straight fire  movement feels buttery, maps look insane, and the gunplay still hits different after all these years. but tbh the cheating situation is lowkey ruining the vibe in way too many matches i gotta give props tho y’all been cooking with vac live actually banning cheaters mid-game, those silent updates that keep the cheat kids guessing, and vacnet using ai to spot sus aim-locks and weird movement from millions of games? chef’s kiss fr. trust factor, prime status, trusted mode, and community reports helping train everything is solid too.  but real talk… even with all that effort, cheaters still feel way too common and it makes competitive feel pointless sometimes. a ton of us end up bouncing to faceit just to actually enjoy the game without stressing.  pretty please could y’all cook up some bigger upgrades to vac and show even more commitment to actually winning this war against cheaters? we’d love it if cs2 became the spot where honest players don’t have to worry anymore appreciate the game heavy and everything so far, just hoping for that massive vac glow-up so cs2 can be 10/10 for real.
....
good 
GOAT
For a new player this is a nightmare. Do not recommend at all, neither the players nor the valve are friendly for the newbies. Toxic gatekeeping community plus valve which won't match you with other newbies. You'll be stomped with pros who for some reason play in competitive or with cheaters. I heard prime is better, but good luck getting 10 wins in this condition. Save your time and play valorant if you don't want a brain damage.
friendliest game
Uidaa gargagc 
♥♥♥♥
Very good game
probs the best shooter, but you need like 50 hours to be even vaguely compeditive lol.  also skins are cool (you can sell them if you dont like), and lots of fun severs to play.  good game
Better than cs:go
i got shot from a box the best game ever
nahui 
the trading cards are worth more than the result of what I gambled my money on
A great game to find respectful teammates who will become your friends and will wish you all the best. People use their mics to help you find the enemy and they would never insult you. People do not make fun of you if you are new to the game. Skins are not that important in the game and there no cheaters. My favorite game!!!<333
good fun if in good trust factor
kinda bad
Good game But still have trust issue with VAC system
good game
Pew pew
Its a fun game
It's CS, so you already know it's good. Nothing more to be said.
L
Контр стручес норм игрухерс
poooop
^_^
There is some many ups and downs to this game now a days.  You will fall in love with the game, yet become stressed at times the more you play, or even the moment you start playing as you learn. There is an entire sleuth of toxic individuals on here, as well as some rude, vulgar, bullies, illiterate and immature to boot. I've been playing this game for years on other accounts, and had to make a new account just escape some of those people. Have fun but remain humble and vigilant. Don't click on links or vote as there are tons of malicious links that can steal your stuff and turn your entire gaming experience into a terrible one.  Either way, its addicting and you'll enjoy it to the fullest or hate it with a passion.  Enjoy!!
F this game
i die to russians
very addictive
too many hackers
w
69
i miss csgo
oke
137
Several years playing this game and I still can’t stop. Great mechanics, but be ready for stress and teammates yelling in Russian.
UM BOM JOGO!!!
good
A SDaSdasd
good gam
Do you hate yourself? Get you or a pal ya hate this game!
very cool
its csgo. you spend way too much money on cases for .5% in returns. yet somehow, you cant stop. 10/10
 amazing
NO NO, lets go cat
Da Best Game Everr
pulled bs p90 stattrak asiimov on my last case, can only recommend
lets try
buy prime ....earn games free
Why do I keep dying?
ight
very good game
good game i love #since2013
Rush B 
lovely little game, community looks wholesome, and i always come away from it feeling positive. all in all, a good game to spend the occasional free time on!
fix your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ anti cheat you scum rats, i have had red trust since i started playing...
https://steamcommunity.com/id/fallencs/inventory/#730/_2_5991964375 https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198113666139/inventory/#730_2_30625055369 htppts/steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198113666139/inventory/#730_2_23880241686 htppts/steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198113666139/inventory/#730_2_16782854947
DO NOT PLAY UNLESS YOU WANT TO HAVE A GAMBLING PROBLEM WITH CASES.
I have no bought into the gambling
GG 
shoot kill terriorist 
The community is very versatile from the german all the way to the guuys thatll steal your car very friendly community
amazing money pit tbh
yes
// English "Bought Prime status just to cheat and ♥♥♥♥ on people, but your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Premier anti-cheat is actually too good. Got slapped with a 30-day ban out of nowhere. I'll give it to you, Valve, your system passed my test."  // Chinese "买优先状态就是为了开挂虐菜的，结果你们这傻逼排位模式防作弊还真特么有点东西，直接封了老子30天。行吧V社，算你的系统及格了。等老子解封，绝对升级外挂回来炸烂你们的服务器。走着瞧吧傻逼们。"  // Russia "Купил прайм только ради того, чтобы играть с читами, но ваш ♥♥♥♥♥♥ античит в премьере оказался слишком хорош. Дали бан на 30 дней ни за ♥♥♥. Ладно, Valve, ваша система прошла проверку. Но подождите."  // Portuguese "Comprei o Prime só pra usar hack e foder geral, mas o anti-cheat dessa porra de Premier é bom até demais. Tomei um ban de 30 dias do nada. Beleza Valve, seu sistema passou no meu teste. Mas espera meu ban acabar, vou atualizar meu cheat e destruir os servidores de vocês. Até logo, arrombados."
Is very fun but sometimes cheater :( Very satisfying gunplay, good graphics and high learning curve
Very tasteful. And free. Headshots are satisfying.
i like game
half the time im either playing a smurf or a cheater because no matter what i do my trust factor just wont go up LOL,   overall good game, very addicted to skins and my wallet does not appreciate that   con - im broke cause im spending to much on skins, end up leaving most game because of cheating
once a great game, turned to a terrible game to horrible updates and lack of care. years of complaints of an issue with ANTICHEAT, no problems resolved, zero complaints of ammo reservation, change the whole system up. terrible updates working on useless things like new sounds while the grand issue of cheaters still exists.
axuenno
i hate and i love this game
Fun game
terrible game aim makes 0 sense and cases are a complete scam i hope this game gets wiped off the face of the earth
I KNOW I KNOW WHY IT HAS TO GO THERE AND BE THERE AND GOOOOOOO. YEAHHHHH LOTTARY AHAHAHAHA
this game makes me want to slam my head into a wall. i cant push A on dust without having an epilectic seizure from the amount of flashes my retarted team mates throw, its like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ rave. and my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ comp team mates are incompitent square heads 90% of the time while the other team gets the lebron james of cs2
love this game, reminds me of call of duty
gamble
ok
bring back cbble
Its a game, worst game I've ever played. I play it daily, I should not play it daily.
shoot ppl , yay.
Game is very fun!
fun game 
I genuinely hate this game
Peak
ver gud
This game gave me many mental issues including, anxiety disorder, depression, schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, eating disorders, personality disorders, and PTSD.  Will still play tomorrow
Bank Account Balance: $0.00
worst piece a ♥♥♥♥ i ever played 10/10 would play again
[h1] Gold Gold Gold, Gold! [/h1]   [i] Love this game but there are alot of hackers that ruin the game sometimes. And gambling we love gambling folks. [/i] 
its ok
v good
bub
fun game, not enraging like r6, built in stress reliever (surfing). gambling is fun too..
I LIKE COUNTER STIRK!!!!!
being discriminated and dominated is very nice im realy into it i wish more people were chill like that and would partake in more friendly kinks im not really a feet guy but csgo brought the best in me
Good game, I migrated from valo and got given a "red trust factor", and I've been in a lot of games with cheaters, so anti cheats 100% needs improving, game is not fun when its hvh
poop game
respectable
the best n ai ce zice
this people who play this game is mostly racist a lot of cheaters but it is still fun 
it makes me sick
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀1,431.5 hrs⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⣠⣤⣴⣶⣶⣶⣶⣶⣶⣶⣶⣶⣶⣶⣦⣤⣀⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⣴⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣶⣶⣤⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣠⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣤⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣤⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣦⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠿⠿⠿⣿⠿⠿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣦⣄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢠⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠛⠋⢻⣇⠀⠀⠸⣇⠀⠀⢰⡏⠀⣸⠇⠀⢀⡿⠀⢹⡏⢹⡟⠻⣿⣿⣿⣦⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠿⣯⡁⠹⣧⣀⣤⣿⣦⢴⣶⣿⣶⣶⣿⠥⠤⠿⠦⠤⢼⣧⣀⣿⣀⣼⠃⢰⡏⠈⣿⢿⡆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡟⠉⢷⡄⠘⣷⣶⠿⠽⠒⠚⠉⠉⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠙⠒⠒⠒⠒⠒⠒⠒⢼⠉⠙⠓⢿⣄⣰⡿⢸⣷⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡛⠉⠻⣆⣀⣿⠟⠉⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⣀⣀⡀⠀⠀⠈⠻⢷⡾⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⣯⡈⠻⢶⣤⠾⠋⠁⠀⠀⠴⠚⠉⠉⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⢩⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠐⡋⠀⠀⠀⠉⠳⣄⠀⠀⠘⣷⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠻⣦⡈⢻⣴⠟⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣤⠤⠤⠴⠖⠀⠀⠀⠀⠹⡆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⠀⠀⠀⣀⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣾⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿⣿⣿⡋⠙⢦⣌⣻⡿⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡀⠀⠀⠀⣀⣀⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠛⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⠉⠓⠦⠄⣸⠇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿⣿⠉⠻⣦⡀⢹⡟⠀⠀⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠼⠿⠗⠸⣯⡉⣿⣿⣿⣿⠟⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣴⠶⢶⣤⣤⣤⠀⢀⡐⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠸⣿⠙⣧⡀⠉⣻⡟⠁⠀⠀⢱⣧⣤⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢰⠾⠿⡿⠿⠿⣿⣿⣷⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠰⣟⢶⣾⣿⣿⣿⠀⠻⣤⣿⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢰⠃⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠹⣆⠈⠻⣦⡟⠀⠀⠀⠀⢘⣷⢿⠄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠘⠓⠲⠿⣿⣿⣷⡿⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣷⠀⠙⠿⣷⣾⣿⣏⣤⠀⠀⢸⣷⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣸⠁⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠹⣆⠀⢸⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⢰⣿⣬⡳⣃⡄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⠉⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢻⣆⠀⠀⠙⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠚⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀⣠⣾⠏⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⢷⣼⠇⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⡇⢬⠱⢸⣘⣦⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠻⣦⡀⠀⠀⠀⢀⡈⢀⠰⣝⣿⠀⠀⢰⣳⠋⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣙⣧⠀⠀⠀⠀⠸⣷⣃⢯⡤⡿⣅⠀⢦⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣠⡤⠶⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀⠑⢿⡟⣺⠏⠀⠀⣧⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠸⢿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⢹⣗⡃⠹⢄⠙⣆⠤⠘⠀⠀⠀⠀⢠⡀⢻⣆⠀⠀⢀⣀⡀⠀⠀⠀⣾⠃⠀⠀⠰⢠⢚⣿⣿⡟⠀⠀⢹⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣾⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⢻⣇⠞⣐⣤⠩⢹⠂⠀⠲⠀⢠⡞⢁⡀⣉⠉⠁⠨⠀⢀⠤⠉⠛⠃⢾⠀⠠⠴⣳⢉⣻⡟⠀⠀⢠⣷⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣼⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣆⢻⣾⣣⠈⠁⡄⠒⢿⠉⢠⠏⠀⢶⠠⡴⠛⠃⢑⣽⡩⢴⣬⣅⣀⠸⡆⠈⢼⢺⣼⠏⠀⠀⠀⢨⡿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠰⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⠈⡛⢻⣶⣄⡼⡚⢤⠁⠛⠀⠀⠾⠳⠦⢤⣄⣀⣀⣀⣀⣤⣯⣽⡳⢿⡀⢖⣻⠋⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⡇⣧⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⣤⣤⣴⣾⣿⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⠨⠀⠀⠘⠻⣿⣾⡌⠓⣧⡄⠀⠀⡀⠀⠀⠰⢦⠶⡦⠤⠾⢭⠳⢿⡲⣔⣶⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣸⣣⡟⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⣠⣶⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣘⡋⣀⢃⡡⠙⠦⠰⠙⣿⣄⡌⠩⠁⣄⠐⠢⡌⠖⢀⢀⡤⠄⡠⣀⢰⠤⢹⣷⣽⡫⣄⠀⣠⢔⣫⠴⠋⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⣰⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠸⣍⣒⡉⠊⣩⠦⠓⢀⠘⠹⣿⣧⡁⡶⠀⠀⠹⠀⡴⠂⠀⠋⢰⠒⠘⣤⣼⡋⠀⠉⠲⡿⠛⠉⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⣠⣶⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⣤⡶⠉⣂⠒⠁⠀⢈⡂⢄⠀⠈⠸⡻⡷⢦⣤⣸⣁⣀⣈⣄⣀⣠⣴⣾⣿⣿⣿⣦⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣥⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣾⠋⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⠀⠱⠝⢢⠉⠙⠆⠑⠟⣇⠠⠉⠉⠈⢙⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣄⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣾⡁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⠀⠈⠢⡄⠀⠘⠧⣄⠀⠀⠀⠙⠿⠿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣦⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣦⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠘⠀⠁⠀⠈⠀⠁⢀⣠⣴⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣶⣶⣶⣦⣤⣀⠀⠀ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡶⠦⢤⣴⣖⣲⣄⣀⡀⢀⣠⠤⢤⣀⣤⣴⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣶ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣄⢘⠳⡶⠾⠿⡿⠿⠿⡭⢉⣩⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
ggoodd
only issue is the hacker, when your start back from 15 years and you need to create another steam account, you are match with low trust factor account , like hacker and rage quitter...
It's fun.
English: This is honestly one of the most frustrating and disappointing competitive experiences I’ve had in years. The game feels less like a skill-based shooter and more like a system designed to waste your time unless you already have a full, coordinated team.  First of all, locking ranked matchmaking behind a paid “Prime” status already feels like a questionable decision. You pay expecting a fair and competitive environment—but what you actually get is a broken matchmaking system that heavily punishes solo players.  No matter how well you perform individually, it often doesn’t matter. You can consistently place first on your team, carry games, and still be stuck in an endless loop of ranking up and down. Why? Because the system heavily depends on team performance, and if you're queuing solo, you're at the mercy of random teammates with no communication, no coordination, and sometimes no basic understanding of the game.  This creates a situation where skill becomes secondary to luck—luck of getting a decent team. And without a full 5-stack, ranking up feels nearly impossible. The experience becomes repetitive, frustrating, and ultimately unrewarding.  In its current state, this game does not respect the time or effort of solo players. Competitive progression should reflect individual performance to some degree, but here it feels completely overshadowed by inconsistent matchmaking.  Unless you have a dedicated team of five players, don’t expect meaningful progress. What should be a competitive and rewarding system instead feels like a grind with no real payoff.  Русский Отзыв об игре Counter-Strike 2 Это, без преувеличения, один из самых раздражающих и разочаровывающих соревновательных опытов за последние годы. Игра ощущается не как шутер, где решает скилл, а как система, которая просто тратит ваше время, если у вас нет полноценной команды.  Во-первых, сам факт того, что для доступа к рейтинговым играм нужно платить за Prime-статус, уже выглядит сомнительно. Ты платишь, ожидая честную и сбалансированную игру, но получаешь сломанную систему матчмейкинга, которая наказывает игроков, играющих в одиночку.  Неважно, насколько хорошо ты играешь. Ты можешь стабильно занимать первое место, тащить катки — и при этом застревать в бесконечном цикле апов и падений рейтинга. Почему? Потому что система полностью зависит от команды, а если ты играешь соло — ты зависишь от случайных игроков без коммуникации, координации и иногда даже базового понимания игры.  В итоге получается, что решает не скилл, а удача — повезёт ли тебе с тиммейтами. Без сыгранной команды из 5 человек апнуться практически невозможно. Игровой процесс становится однообразным, раздражающим и абсолютно не приносит удовольствия.  В текущем состоянии игра совершенно не уважает время и усилия соло-игроков. Рейтинговая система должна хотя бы частично учитывать личный вклад игрока, но здесь это полностью перекрывается нестабильным матчмейкингом.  Если у вас нет своей команды из пяти человек — не рассчитывайте на нормальный прогресс. То, что должно быть честной и соревновательной системой, превращается в бессмысленный гринд без результата.
yes.
gud
good game i want gold or red
LIKE REAL, I LOVE IT. ♥♥♥♥ VALORANT
♥♥♥♥ anticheat
trash game useless people no life trash developers fck valve
actually only have around 5 minutes playtime, the rest spent staring lovingly into the terrorists eyes. Too addicting, would not recommend.
cool game
good blyat
if you hate change
Counter strike my wife
dear valve and all my dumbass ranked teamates, please go to 19.4721° N, 155.5922° W and jump in the lava filled fugin volcano and make sure to tak your pc with you and your entire dumbass line of family members just as retarded as yourself. also make sure to snoke so much fugin coke that it keep you awake when you jump in the volcano so you can feel yourself burning to death and you can hear the screaming and moaning of your retarded family. thank you and ♥♥♥ my ranked teamates they are so fugin ass its like watching my blind fugin dog trying to find her kennel at night she is so clueless and runs in to walls just how my teamates are so fugin retarded and aim with there dihks.
Makes me want to kms 11/10
Good game!
yes
si
gimme a knife bruh
my favorite game
Гейб сын жирной ♥♥♥♥♥
Other games-$20 knife skin Counter Strike-$1,000,000 for a rusty butterfly knife 10/10 would play
Bad
:)
very good game
i like everything
Racial slurs called. Good game
,
makes you have a mental breakdown but its fun
fix game
I cant stop playing but i hate it just the same
every 2game there is some cheater and Valve is not doing anything with it
A beautiful game… ruined by dishonest players. Cheaters aren’t rare anymore—they’re expected. Some matches feel less like competition… and more like a gamble.
Solo lo publico para la misión de steam
AMAZING GAME KEEP GOING
+
I WILL BURN THIS PLANET DOWN BEFORE I SPEND ANOTHER MINUTE LIVING AMONG THESE ANIMALS
Stole my game
i play 300h+
MID AT BEST A
shma che pisat tebe, zaidi igrai ara zhi est
w
wh
GGWP
Like standoff, but standoff better, idk for what you play this😫
Going pro
worse than csgo aiming feels more like a sudgestion to where the bullets should go instead of where they actually go 
 asdas
good
it s the best
csgo is better
game is so ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ yet i still play, dont be like me. dont play this game. losing my sanity day by day.
i'll be xantares one day
great
not bad
gud
alooooooooooooooooooo this game iss insaaanneeeeee
YOUR GAME IS FULL OF ♥♥♥♥, FULL OF CHEATERS AND FULL OF SCUMBAGS ALL OVER THE WORLD YOU ♥♥♥♥♥♥ PIECES OF ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥ FIX YOUR GAME AND STOP EATING ALL OF OUR MONEY FAT PIGS DA VI EBA MAIKATA
I mean just a simple great game.
Everything
THE GOAT
really good game
. 
GGWP!
):
10/10 game -enemy calls you a cheater for no reason
love bots
fum
the good game
Don't
♥♥♥♥♥♥ game :)
horrible game, made me develop a gambling addiction worse than alchoholism 10/10 cosmetics tho
fun
Great team-based, competitive tactical first-person shooter.
Peak game. There's a reason why this game has stood the test of time. Only been playing for a few weeks and I love it even though I'm not good. So much to learn and perfect. No crutch powers or abilities to remember or to bail you out. Just a straightforward awesome game. Playing in a 5 stack with your buddies is peak
great game, no cheaters too
fun game at 1am not fun game at 1pm 
Counter-Strike 2 is a modern evolution of the classic tactical shooter formula, bringing improved visuals, more realistic lighting, and updated mechanics while staying true to its competitive roots. The new sub-tick system makes actions feel more responsive, and the redesigned smoke grenades add fresh strategic depth by interacting dynamically with the environment. While the core gameplay remains as intense and skill-based as ever, the game still faces some issues, including performance inconsistencies, bugs, and mixed feedback on movement and hit registration compared to CS:GO. Overall, CS2 is a solid upgrade that successfully refreshes the experience without losing what made Counter-Strike iconic, though it still has room to improve.
Rly realistic game, one day your enjoying your life, next day you hope to end it as quick as possible -10/10 would again play against cheaters every round
1
everyone is toxic and half of the community are hackers, however, still an incredibly fun game.
Best game ever and there no cheaters att all
Horrible Game
full of cheaters
very nice anti cheat no hackers, approved!
mate got overwatch banned for playin like a boosting bot. it was his smurf acc so no real punishment. i lost the 5k elo i grinded for the last month. would recommend this game
its good but lots of cheaters 
парощшо
G
.
Hello anti cheat is from corner shop, hacker shoot trough smoke nonchalantly, take 10 hours to enter game after crash and then i get cooldown, nice game. Teameates are always in wheel chair and play with their feet and always troll even at 20k points premier. I have white hairs at 18 years old
good
good
CheatStrike2
okay game
100% ragebait, 100% recommend it
very good song i would listen more times but i dont understand why the gmae is based on spinning guns in the inventory. why would i spend thousands on skins for guns that i can only spin why cant i kill people in a 5v5 or something?
Very good game
The BEST
hell
This game is unplayable, it is full of cheaters. CS2 is doomed.
teammateu sam roknio 12 apostola
Addiction 
RNG spel
Even Noah's Ark couldn't carry my teammates.
this game gives me mental damage. dont play it
Less spinning, more winning  Was hesitant to come back because of the cheater situation, but it's actually getting decent. The anti-cheat is definitely doing more heavy lifting now. Most of my games have been clean, competitive, and actually fun. CS2 still has its quirks, but knowing Valve is actively banning the trash makes it worth the grind again. If you left because of the spinbotters, give it another shot—it’s getting much cleaner.
yes
Good game.
full whit cheaters and fk broken game
fun game yall
kalashnici a u ma u
Jesteś gejem białym żołnierzem
ever since I started playing this shee my hairline started receiding and my tits hanging lower bru wth
sos
add for trade   comment my profile
good game 
ermmmmmmmmmmmmm okay.
the best fps game in the world 
Good game nice people especially the russians
Un ruso random no paraba de decir blyat cada vez que moria. Solo era es gracias por leer.
I love opening case
i hate this game. ♥♥♥♥ cs2 and ♥♥♥♥ valve
Amazing
rewarding game.
I love this game!
Калищная игра без алтернатив
aaaa
+Rep
best nya
fun
best game
this game is sometimes good sometimes like hell on earth here is what helps it be good: 1. good teammates (hakers included). want to make me smile :D. 2. opponents cheaters (very bad). Always want to kms when i see them. 3. if theres any russians the game will be ♥♥♥♥ but still sometimes enjoyable.  P.S remove skin changer because it annoys me when people show of their fake butterfly.
Good game, but many cheaters
it is fun to play on random days
Never thought there was so many people with down syndrom in this world till I started spectacting my team in ranked
this game very good
shlak
this game made me gay please get it
Game Is Functional
this is the most toxic game i ever played  
ouai c'est bien
World class anti-cheat! Highly recommend.
cauterstraig
great! 
I was never a fan of CS:GO or CS2 multiplayer. Playing offline with bots can be fun, but since the developers removed achievements from the game, I - as a solo player with 'skill issue' - no longer have an incentive to play. Tons of cheaters, trolls and smurfs in ranked and casual gameplay. If you have a squad, go for it. If you are solo, I recommend you save your mental health and skip this game. The removal of (Steam) achievements is the deal braker for me. The game has potential to be fun, but not for me. Hence, this negative review. Lastly, since the shift to CS2, the performance has gotten way worse: from 400+ FPS to a stuttering and hitching 110- 125 FPS.
please benjamin netanyahu give me a gold
Cool game.moth’́r ♥♥♥♥♥♥
https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198113666193/inventory/#730_2_30625055369
Во рту приятно попе больно быть авапером прикольно
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
.
kuygame 
Green Trust = Cheaters Orange Trust = Cheaters Red Trust = Cheaters Where is VAC?? Faceit = DMA CHEATERS
amk hileleri
this game is ♥♥♥♥!!!!!! jebem vam mater
Good!
Great game
fun game that makes you wanna ki** your self
just fix ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ fps bug volvo and new kernal anti cheat
Great for learning Russian profanity
this game makes me want to blow my brains out
Classic fun game
Fun. Died 14 times in casual
good game, careful with the lootboxes and toxic people in game...
infinite  potential but greedy company
it's good but includes cheaters
Тебе никогда не превзойти противника, если даёшь волю эмоциям, словно мотылёк, что летит на пламя и погибает, даже если выиграешь девять боёв из десяти, этого не будет достаточно, чтобы освоить навыки, которые помогут выжить, нужно отточить каждое движение.
nice
too many cheaters
I know this game a lot of time, and this still my favorite, but broblem is the very toxic community.
Good game
good
"♥♥♥♥ this game"  *continues to play the game*
no
stay away
very nice game
I really like this game, you have to get used to voice chat though xD
Eu recomendaria bastante, porém a VALVE é simplesmente a empresa mais incompetente quando se traca de anti-cheats. O VAC é o pior sistema anti-cheat que eu já vi. Seja no free, no premier, no comp, no casual, no DM. Todo santo lugar tem. Infelizmente somos obrigados a jogar na Faceit ou GC para compensar as falhas dos desenvolvedores e os servidores padrões.
is spent all my moms money on skins from a random website...lost all of it but, atleast i got a 10/10 experience. Would recommend
wallah this games alr
I really like the team everyone is very fun and really good
nice game
best 
Good godod
If you are having a bad day this game will make it worse
very good
fgbvcd
Pretty bad game, cheaters only
sadasdas
ASS
the best game 
many cheaters
very hard game
its a good game but dont play u will get bullied
I like swearing to rando
good game
good if you win, community is very good and ncie to all gender and race 
The best player is deko
I ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ LOVE THIS GAME BUT ♥♥♥♥ THE HACKERS
very fuuny
Best game Ever!!For PSIHIJATAR!!
it is the best game  
~mid
nice game with cheaters
6️⃣7️⃣
gr8 game
Cheater Strike 2
add overwatch back
Simple controls, Best FPS for mouse and keyboard.
nice game actually
Thumbs
good
tupa hra negerska vytrieskam ta za hranie tejto kokotiny ciganskej
a very interesting game, i no longer have a monitor
the little boys
Very nice game, good skin
♥♥♥♥♥ полная, особенно как девки играют это ужас ♥♥♥♥♥. Одна девка купила авиа и целиться 10 лет и не сразу убивают. Кто хочет быть геем и встречается то советую
Dih
I cannot believe that I still play this game after 20 years.
very good fps
Bring back CSGO
jebac ta gre csgo better
-Chat spamming 2.0 -Crazy good anti-cheat -Buy premier, no cheaters (trust) -Verry friendly game -Absolutely no russian kids  10/10
i realistic but i dont recomand if you rage fast 
if u want a  headache, play this game
fajna gra
this game sucks
Decent Game
jhi fye
super
best game to ever be made, makes me wanna rip my balls off every day.
CSGO better :D
-[-
good soup i like dust2 simulator
My brother gifted me ~4,000 Steam Points… but nothing! 😭  My big brother gifted me around 4,000 Steam Points, but I haven’t received a single one! Nothing shows up in my purchase history or queue. Steam, what happened to my points? Did they go on vacation without me? Hoping support can fix this… otherwise I might need a new big brother.  (for the hope that support actually helps)  This is a good game!
good game
i hope everyone who i play against explodes into unrecognizable pieces
i guess 
Definately the most competetive game ever, but valve should roll out interesting updates without interfaring with fundamentals of OG CS, It generally requires skills and lot of learning to play but worth investing your time.
nothing
sa mi bag toata pula in ei de rusii muie muie muie rusia
i became racist
best matchmaking. always losing but always laughing
Please don't download this game, its horrible and i can't take it anymore. 
Very good
Nice goyme
It's fun when you don't run into a bunch of cheaters! :(
4 idiots on your team and 5 cheaters on the enemy team can't escape it
pretty cool game, skill floor can be pretty high though.
worst ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game ever
♥♥♥♥ game... until they remove nuke
gooooood game
weeeeeeeeee
meh
best free game on the market i recomend this game
i got a case for my first time and its impressing
pompa <3
 nice game
great game
I'm racist and european, 10/10
Cool game only sad thing is bots in dm and cheaters in mm. Vac live dont work.
Great game. Full of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ but still great
best game ever
-Rep 90% of people have mics but don't talk till we lose
Too many screeching zionists
Great game been playing it for years
very fun game i learned russian fast
я ♥♥♥♥ рандомов
best 
chaba 
ITS JUST THE BEST GAME IMAGINEABLE
чисто сессионка с допотопными механиками стрельбы и перемещения, сгодится пофармить кейсы раз в неделю и ничего больше  поорать в войсчат = бесценно
The perfect FPS game for elementary school children, because every time I play competitive, I hear children shouting Russian.
ow ye super chinese game
amazing
REMOVE AWP PLEASE
hope to have skin all utility item 
This is my Favourite game༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ
not as good as 1.6 buuuuuuut its free nad you can learn russian for free and get education why woman are bad for you
good game fun to play but rage a lot
how u can love and hate so much at the same time
first multiplayer game i played in my life and even though i m still noob, but i m loving this game so much. honestly i installed cs2 after seeing a post that how can i buy any other game for free by just playing cs2 and that`s the only reason i started playing this game, at the beginning i was quite frustrated because i m keep getting kicked out from casual matches and also from some death matches neither i m getting any valuable drops and the one reason for kicked out were that i play on mute and the other one that i play terrible, but i never give up and improved my game which is not quiet there yet, but i m enjoying my time with cs2.  Thanks for Reading, hope you are also enjoying.
Good game👍
poo game makes me want to kms
Perfect for a laptop
good
i like it
I had heard about Counter-Strike for years, but only started playing it in October last year. In just a few months, I’ve already sunk over 600 hours into it—and I have zero regrets.Counter-Strike is, in my opinion, the purest competitive FPS experience in the gaming world . There are no fancy hero abilities, no ultimate skills, no “rock-paper-scissors”character counters. What you have is raw skill, pure decision-making, and intense gun play.In those heart-pounding clutch situations where the entire match is on the line, my confidence doesn’t come from some overpowered ability or hero advantage. It comes from the countless hours I’ve spent practicing my aim, sharpening my game sense, and learning perfect positioning. Every clutch win that seemed impossible, every entry frag that opens up the site for the team—it all feels incredibly rewarding.Every single second of every round gets my heart racing. The tension is unmatched. The satisfaction of outplaying the enemy through pure mechanics and smart plays is something no other shooter has ever given me.Counter-Strike has brought me countless moments of joy, adrenaline, and unforgettable memories with friends. This game isn’t just a hobby for me anymore.I will keep loving Counter-Strike for the rest of my life.
GOOD
ddd
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
every time i play this game my iq get lower
CS2🔥
never quit
if you start playing you will only get mad and can't stop playing
𝘎𝘳𝘦𝘢𝘵 𝘨𝘢𝘮𝘦, 𝘳𝘶𝘪𝘯𝘦𝘥 𝘣𝘺 𝘤𝘩𝘦𝘢𝘵𝘦𝘳𝘴. 
bj
фывфыв
huurhun sdashu
this game is the best game ever u can turn like me from doctor to a police man and then a dentist
IF YOU WANT TO WASTE YOUR TIME PLAY THIS ♥♥♥♥ GAME
Gas
A competitive shooter without a working anti-cheat? What a joke.
The only game makes my heart bit faster !
ak 47 i like
cs2 is going through what tf2 had been going through like meaningless updates which is just more skins without new operations, community maps being rotated every season and vac not being a good anti cheat lol
i like this game a lot especially mm, and i think im good in it, i will much more to reach my goals
Good game and fun to play :)
cc 
makes me wanna gauge my eye out
i like nothing about this game
kkk
peak but also filled w cheaters 
fakt delo pecka hra vyhodim monitor ven
w
it is super fun to play with friends. 10/10 . would recommend
brainrot simulator 
asdsaad
.
good game
cxvgbcfgdxcfvcxbv
fun
M
the game russians play
very fun
Perfect game
help.
veri gud gam👍
too much hacker in this game
каждая игра за с читерами  зато новые перчатки вышли скидывайтесь жиробасу Гейбу на новую яхту скорее
laernt russian
dfgdfg
:)
Best game ever 10/10 experience 
too much cheat!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
do something with the cheaters
sps
wow
nie polecam gra dla zyciowych nieudacznikow jebancow
very good game
plus rep
number 1 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ GUY
Why
reall crazy game
;llol
Good Game
gdd
if i get i knife i wold spend 500 dollars
BEST GAME EVER
Good Game.
заработок в компьютерной игрушке - крутяк
Lorte spil giver mig selvmordstanker... hader russere men jeg kan snart flyende russisk ♥♥♥♥ blyat
♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥. Одобряю 👍
save yourself the pain of russians and cheaters its not worth it for a mid fps  
Best way to learn Russian as well as Russian accent.
you go pewpew
anhhhhh
good game blyat
osag2
Very good servers and players. Barely any cheaters. Enjoying!
good game
Rush and lose
ff 15
Amazing
люблю эту игру во первых за ее ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ тик рейт и обновление в виде подорожанте всякой ♥♥♥♥♥ ради ножей ыыы я клутой купил 5 айтемов за 15к проебал в контракте на зубочистку пыльник, но ладно в этой игре самое лучшее это поляки, захожя с ними в катку ты лучше узнаешь свою мать что она умеет делать и где и что с нец делали эти курвы, таких прекрасных людей я не встречал еще нигде, а ну и рега ♥♥♥♥♥
Great
Such a good game to be toxic
nice game
. 
efn
4K
Yes
5 star review for extra case luck
cei asta ma
W game, Better than Valorant 100% Playing with russians is fun (blyattt) 100% recommend buying prime, gives u skins lol you will make your 15 bucks back in no time
I can't continue like this with this game, every match I enter there are many Russians and coded
benign cancer
yippeeee
Never give me good skins ToT
Teammates bad
kaif
yes if you want to go insane. no if want to live peacefully
good
hakeri,nepismeni rusi,djeca od 10 godina koja bleje do 3 ujutru u igrici pa kad im se sta opsuje odma izlaze iz partije i jebeno losa igrica pola pogodataka uopste ne priznaje,svaka partija je razmisljanje o tome sta razbiti.
doom eternal cs2 doom eternal MANGO MUSTARD 67  its good
Doing this for badge progress. Don't play this game if you don't wanna be called a slur though.
dont get ts
античита нету к
[table] [tr] [td][h1][i]⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀♫ Sidewalks: Slow Motion ♫⠀⠀⠀⠀[/i][/h1] [h1]───────⚪───────────────────────────────────[/h1] ⠀▐▐ ⠀►▏ ⠀⠀──○─ 🔊 ⠀₁:₂₅ / ₃:₅₀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ᴴᴰ⚙ ❐ ⊏⊐[/td]   https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=7c0jkJ4bKd8&list=LM
bitchass game
beat game ever
im like very many)))
This is very harasho game.
addicted
I've spent all of my money 10/10 would reccomend
CS2 is a fast-paced tactical shooter that improves the classic Counter-Strike formula with better graphics and new mechanics. The gameplay is still competitive and skill-based, making it exciting but sometimes challenging for new players. Overall, it’s a solid upgrade and a must-play for FPS fans.
GOOD GAME
very good
A perfect Lobotomy Simulator. 10/10 highly recommend.
This is the best game!!!
67
sou gud geim
very good game
good game
.
gg
Буквально каай
crazy game for real brother
so fckin stupid game but i hope ts will be better somehow
.
no
GAMBA
vas gold gold gold gold
Counter-Strike 2 feels great to play and looks cleaner, but the anticheat still struggles. Running into cheaters happens more than it should, which can ruin matches and make the experience frustrating at times.
It’s very nice but your anti cheat not very nice
Ive now played 666 hours so I feel comfortable reviewing this. It is a good game with high skill ceiling and a loving community rivaling that of Rust!   Give it a shot if you like games where your bullets dont shoot straight
yes
не играл месяц. сделал 1в4 4 раза лол.
the best game with the best community
Bro just go play Old CS on steam its much better it can run on very old hardware compared to this cs2
I have played this game when I was a Kid(CSS times). I was bullied in my school days but this game taught me how fight back bullies. Now I trash talk with Kids and bully them how I got bullied . Gonna  teach these thwats how to be strong  in this corrupted world.   this game 10/10  I've no life and GF  0 skills = no shower (My ballz smells)
this game ruined my life
edgebug edgebug edgebug edgebug edgebug edgebug edgebug edgebug edgebug edgebug  de_nuke de_nuke de_nuke de_nuke de_nuke de_nuke de_nuke de_nuke de_nuke de_nuke  strafe bhop strafe strafe bhop strafe strafe bhop strafe strafe bhop strafe strafe bhop strafe strafe bhop strafe  cs_office cs_office cs_office cs_office cs_office cs_office cs_office cs_office cs_office cs_office cs_office  pixelsurf, *blip1.wav* *button17.wav*   comic sans
Kinda fun
this game is straight brain cancer
its cool
lobbys are full of 10 year veterans but hey atleast its fun
Better than valorant
I like this game
OG 1.6 Player. This is a great FPS game, simple all about skill, you do get the once in awhile cheater but the VAC/Overwatch is pretty good as solving issues & disputes
N
🔥
yes 
VAC=valve alowes cheaters
ammo noob
sur
a
Good game
el  juego esta bien , la gente mmmmmmm
rawr yes
10/10 wouldn't recommend
very fun to play with friends! wish it was a little easier for newer players, but still a good time regardless :)
awesome
Lovely game for hackers
this game sucks
Great way to prevent yourself from having the will to live, 10/10 would play again
? 
:)
good? yes racist? yes friendly? no.
.
i love cases im ana dicct i nedd heklpp 
icl ts pmo sm ngl r u fr rn b fr I h8 bein diff idek anm mn js I h8 ts y r u so b so fr w me rn cz… lol oms icl ts pmo sm n sb rn ngl, r u srsly srs n fr rn vro? lol atp js go 💔 uninstalling
no
Šurim bika
good game, csgo was a little better maybe from good memories but overall +++
this game is like when u stub ur toe, ur happy the nail didnt fall off, but ur mad u stubbed ur toe.
i get graped every time i load this game up
Gold

♥♥♥♥ csgo
good
GOOD
russians make this game playable
Left my wife and kids and quit my job to play Counter Strike and I have never been happier.
`
good gejm
Better than having two lips between your legs like a val player
good stuff! 
Gutgut
──────▄▌▐▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▌ ───▄▄██▌█ BEEP BEEP ▄▄▄▌▐██▌█ +1 Negative Review ███████▌█▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▌ ▀(⊙)▀▀▀▀▀▀▀(⊙)(⊙)▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀(⊙)
is go
literally nah
Threw a molly on long. Toxic players ran into it intentionally and got me banned.  10/10 experience, would do it again!
best game should play 
fix the queue breaking, you weenies
meh
Best of the best
Good Game
-rep
https://steamcommunity.com/id/tacocs/inventory/#730_2_6870634299
good
very beginner friendly. jk.
good fps and fun gambling feature
,
sexy game but stupid hackers 
big P on the C .... ounterstrike
It's very similar to Valorant and is a great game, wish they did more updates though.
Premier is absolutely unplayable. Out of 6 games I get 4 against blatant cheaters. VAC is a joke.
CSGO was that perfect toxic relationship you couldn’t leave. CS2 is like they “fixed” everything but now it feels different and you don’t know why. Game still ruins your mood, teammates still don’t talk, and somehow you’re still queueing again 5 minutes later. Best worst game ever made.
VERY BEAUTIFUL GAME BUT I THINK AM QUITTING THIS NONSENSE SOON DUE TO CHEATERS , ALMOST EVERY GAME THERE ARE CHEATERS , COMPETITIVE , PREMIER , FACE IT ...... EVERYWHERE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ez4Ence
💣
Pros: - Graphics : Lighting and textures are ok, not the greatest - Performs decent   Cons: - Controls :     - No toggle down to aim properly     - No controller support even though most PVP shooters even atleat have the option - Tutorials:      - Hidden in Play - Practice - Competitive - Replay Training Day . They should atleast give an option to new players to see how to get to tutorial quickly - Graphics: No DLSS support?
best
very non balanced 
better be a 17+ or else ur punished by older people 
good game
play if you want to spend a billion dollars for a 1% chance to get ur money back 
lots of gambling with no kyc its so fun
the one
CS2 is the best version of Counter-Strike ever made... on paper. The lighting is beautiful, the gunplay is heavy and satisfying, and the tactical depth has never been deeper. But until the "invisible eyes" of hackers are dealt with more aggressively, the game feels like a $100 steak served on a dirty plate. You want to love every bite, but the environment makes it hard to swallow.
this game is rape
Good
It is fun
MID IS HELL
The only game to click on heads 10/10 would rush B again. BINGO BANGO BONGO BISH BASH BOSH
cheaters
Get sniped
walla ben zona
i love dropping my paychecks on these colorful pixels! actual game is meh
Best ever game made in the history of mankind..
trash game
♥♥♥♥♥♥ game
good
cool
DADA
Old good cs
yup
GOOD 
so many cheats
still no gold hit :(
i met many femboys and russian and russian femboys
I hate that I love this game !
Absolute Chud Victory.  Truly a gem.
kj
.
Gold, gold, gold and it never happens
Good game, russians ruin it
this game took my wife and kids from me
www
Very nice
Game is worse with every upate
CS2 is one big bunch of cheaters nowadays.... can't recommend it anymore.
Need some times to update where an openness
best game no cheaters!
dwqdqdqwdqwdqwqwdwq
10/10
не играйте в эту игру
very fun but the shot registration is bad
♥♥♥♥ the juice
boss game!!
no
888.8
Cheaters Strike 2
very bad game i dont recommend
Once a great game now unplayable.  The matchmaking experience is easily one of the worst aspects. Games often feel wildly unbalanced, with players of vastly different skill levels thrown into the same lobby. It’s not uncommon to see one team completely stomp the other with no real chance of a competitive match. This ruins the core appeal of Counter-Strike, which has always been about tight, skill-based competition. Queue times don’t justify the poor quality either—you wait just as long, only to end up in a match that feels decided before it even begins.  Then there’s the anti-cheat system, which frankly feels ineffective. Cheating has become far too noticeable, especially in higher ranks and Premier mode. Whether it’s blatant wallhacks or more subtle aim assistance, the lack of consistent enforcement makes it hard to take the competitive scene seriously. When players feel like matches are being decided by cheaters rather than skill, it completely kills motivation to play.  The Premier points system only adds to the frustration. The way points are gained or lost seems inconsistent and poorly explained. You can perform well individually, top frag, and still lose a significant number of points just because your team lost.   Overall, Counter-Strike 2 currently struggles where it matters most: fair competition. Between broken matchmaking, weak anti-cheat, and a confusing ranking system, it’s hard to enjoy what should be a highly competitive and skill-driven game.
w game
GOOD.
objesit se igrajuci al je odlicno
qgreat 
game good enough
tolles Spiel
good game very realistic
i like the competion with other players , bad thing is that are to many boots and cheeters !
amazing game
best game
thank you VOLVO
a
CS2 is still the same addictive Counter-Strike that keeps me coming back. The gunplay feels clean, headshots are satisfying, and every round actually matters. It’s simple, competitive, and when you clutch, the feeling is unmatched. Only real issue is the cheaters sometimes — that can be frustrating — but aside from that, it’s still one of the best competitive games out there.
I have been scammed of 20 dollars from case openings this ruined my trust in humanity. 10/10 would recomend.
good if you want to spent your time waiting for a gold to appear.
Boolshit cheaters spawner
very kind players and very equal game
can kill french people
vERY BEAUTIFUL GAME 
this shi amazing
Super
Everyone you queue with is a fat mental institution patient that's either Russian or Indian HIGHLY recommend playing ranked.
good game but the higher you are no matter the trust rating there will be cheaters 
 good game... little hard to get into but fun to play
yhfj
Eğer oyun iyiysen deşersin kötüysen deşilirsin
nioce
miluju bedny 🙏🏿 dejte mi priste neco dobryho
good give me knife
everyone is racist and xenofobic, 10/10
decent
Still the best game ever
The game doesn’t punish mistakes — it lets you repeat them professionally. At some point, uninstall stops being a suggestion and becomes the solution
me no like
mi e dor de tine fanaca
great game,many cheaters
russia
Teaches you slavid languages better than Duolingo
i like this game and recommend to play it
game includes Russians
♥♥♥♥ game
Good game, I like play there.
OG but not OG
Too many cheaters, can't even play
Subanme el trust factor ura
Nice game from Volvo.
One of the greatest first person shooters that I have played, precise gunplay, interesting cosmetic system and high dopamine and adrenaline case opening. Personally, I had good experiences with both the gameplay and skins but speaking for the unlucky (non-prime players) who can't have a single game without a cheater running and gunning through walls, implement a rougher hardware anti-cheat like Valorant. Valve has a 8-10 billion $ networth but can't work on an anti-cheat? ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
good game  
game sucks, probly got another 2k hours before uninstall
Good time sink :D
s
comp team are brain dead 👍 would 100% recommend
got yelled at by a russian , who only knows english words that are cs callouts , amazing experience 10/10
Anti-cheat is bad I can't describe it better way even Riot has a better anti-cheat. I upgraded to prime and it doesn't  even help against the cheaters and the report doesn't do anything either. The trust factor system is a bunch of joke too.
really good game ...
https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198113666193/inventory/#730_2_48492132786
i went to play some competitive and some tm8 keeps calling me cyka blyat while spinbotting. Absolutely recommend this game for everyone that likes to be called cyka blyat

very gud men
i love playing with M4
fun game, many russians 
really fun to insult russians
adasdawd
nice games
asdf
i
.
LIKE
cheaters in this game are rabbid dogs
Game won’t give me a knife 0/10
Very good game never want to play it again
WERY GOOD I LOVE CASES BUT NO MONEY 
das
best game ever
♥♥♥♥ game  but i cant stop playing
no
w game recomended by the big yahu
Good game
говно банять не за что Vac баном
your life will change before cs and after i recomand this game
Id rather kill myself rather than play this game and I still do it
Cel mai de cacat daca joci la random si dai de codat si ala isi ia ban in meci  iti ei si tu penalizare
Ничего себе
Super tasty even for evenings
my favourite game
beautiful game, i love it and everything that comes with it
cs
if you are russian its the perfect game to play 
67
Boring
gg
top top
♥♥♥♥ ass
the best game
played game so far amazing but i got thrown out the window by my teamates cuz i didnt smoke b site on dust II
I hate russians
best game ever
good game
kakanov porno incest 4k
g
gud game
67
exxtin kidnapped me when i was eleven he showed me his sword feels like heaven i cant accept that epstin is gona when it comes to grxxming i was his no.1 if they ever release the exxtin files the will find my name  there at least 20times
good game. smoke go pshhhhhh
Could be better but is good
Outdated n ass- just gambling simulator now with cheaters thrown in for fun
hueta ebanaya, update ac suki
Great russian learning app
this game is the best game in history - well it was once you buy the prime you wll face hackers in all matches and you can do nothing about it even if you report him for hacking nothing happens its just suck to lose matches to hackers and even the game it self cant fix that
100% Good
govno ebanoe
GG
awesome
bad game
top faci atac cerebral pe compe
valve should take care of the cheats. no matter how much i report them..
fun game. 
very fun and competitive, always come back to it.
Excelente!
nga
Very hard to play against sweats, smurfs and cheaters.
i learned more russian on cs than duolingo
Jo
goood
fortnite good 
Good game
gambling 101
good
very good loads of russians
good
GOOD 
good game
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game oat
I am tired of cheaters but  I LOVE THIS GAME
Upsides: (sometimes) fun, learn Russian for free! Downsides: you become a depressed gambling addict ruined my life but would 100% reccomend
This game is addicting, its not like its fun, or anything, its kind of sad really. just a bunch of people trying to kill each other, but its addicting, you want to play more, and sometimes its fun and games, untill a russian hacker enters the lobby. Thats about 99% of the time. If valve would get a better anti cheat or something then it would probably be the best game ever.
Great Game.
all fun and games untill russians
nice one
Fun game, when you dont have cheats in a match.
Пж зарегай 2 Дерьмо ♥♥♥♥♥♥ 2
Beautiful
Full of cancer blyats
get a life
Ammo clip update is THE BEST thing this game has ever put out. The devs seem determined to innovate and keep the game fresh!
заревьювить игру
skin
Best anti-cheat
banger
Good game minus the polish and the russian players and the hackers
good game please unban me 
edd
masterpiece
CS 2 🔥
Nice game but idk
love the competitive nature!
ssssss
Noice2
veri gud
uhh game is good
♥♥♥♥ game bunch of cheaters smurfs worst community off all scamers evrewhere like 6 i met when i bogth a knife the updates are worthless no quality off life inprovments laggy servers jitters dead servers bots  whit aimbots and more dont play not worth it
this game is insaneeeee
its simply incredible
learnt russian and turkish while playing this game
Not as good at 1.6
awesom 
joss
tuff
Do not download unless u dont have prime all the tryhards there, in the end, just dont get prime, play like a casual player
why my opponent spin like helicopter
♥♥♥♥♥♥ russians and jews
Game Jembod
Noice
I GET KICKED OUT THE GAME CONSTENTLY
i want to dissolve myself to smithers after playing with my teammates
ma olen jub C9 pro player ja harald haiseb
-
pretty cool game
good game u get rich from cases. gold gold gold!!!!!
Casual de-sync enjoyment.
I thing i love this game and hate At the same time  
Peek, kill, repeat, delete, reinstall, repeat
sneaky Russian ppl keep killing ban that region
good game
tst
Very good game,money well spent.
One of the best games, i've played in a while. Runs very smooth
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
A game to loose countless hours of ur life,and learn russian 3/10
ok
tuff game
live, breathe and eat cs2. 10/10 would recommend.
its good but you need aim
10/10 – I think it’s about time I saw a psychologist.  I’ve been playing this game for 12 years.  It’s here that I’ve learnt a lot about my mum.  It’s here that a 12-year-old Russian schoolboy calls me a ‘suka’ and quits before the game even starts.  It’s here that an opponent spinning 360 degrees will kill you from across the map.  It’s here that you’ll waste loads of time trying to reach Faceit level 10, only to find out you’re still trash.
m
I've never bombed as much in any other game as I have in CS
svinjac
CS2 appears to be a highly refined game, offering a superior performance compared to CSGO in nearly all aspects. The recent update to the game's ammunition system, despite its novelty, is considered an excellent decision, contributing to a more realistic and grounded experience in CS2. It truly deserves a perfect score. 10/10
good game
hEJ JAG HETER WILLIAM EDVARDSSON OPCH 'R B;G REKOMENDERAR SPELET F;R ANMDRA
COOL
Volvo fix your game
301 hrs it was the most ♥♥♥♥♥♥ time in my life
nice!
good
Bog Allah te nagradili AMEN <3
good
ye
I used to lvoe this game 10 years ago, when it has been CS:GO but since CS2 there are way too mayn cheaters and unfriendly players. Everyone goes toxic, leaves the game, goes afk... understandable when you paly with cheaters only..
yes
horrible
Filthy game filled with cheaters. Too lazy to add a client-side anti cheat - too big of a "risk" to do so. This is just a filthy game where you pay money for cosmetics more than actually playing the game competitively; i.e. running into cheaters every single lobby you start playing, to the point where you can't even obtain a legitimate rank in the competitive-side of the game (Premier). Valve themselves don't seem to care about the player base in regards to competitive play.
?
too many indian and pakistani
не играйте в данную игру
anticheat isn't work
CS is like diarrhea in your pants, when you go back to check it out, it's more s**t
pro gamers
Cheater Paradise
phenomenal game
Gamble now homeless
very relaxing game i even broke my setup🥰
Very good game respect
i learned russian from this game
♥♥♥♥ made me lose precious timeoutside but sure its fun 
GOLD GOLD GOLD
yes because GAMBLING
Good game until you run into 4 russians  Women get kicked automatically  5 STAR GAME
Nothing but cheaters
very good
The Goat! they should fix the server and anti-cheat instead of annoying useless update! VOLVO!
madarchod game h bhen ki choooooooot 
avoid this game if you want to keep your sanity
This game is so terrible, i actually hate playing it
Reverse the ammo change, it's so stupid for a game like this.
A ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ lucky game you dojnt need to play good for ts game you only needs luck bcs ts is not skill game and a lot of  cheaters valve ♥♥♥♥ you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ dumb asses fix your game pls :)  things ato fix: anticheat desert eagle aim (i aim in his head and i miss i dont know how) stop updating ammo and that ♥♥♥♥ only fix your anticheat you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥  Luca Bojanic from Zimbabwe
very nice
I hate cheaters!!!
.
takes only 2 buttons to play alt and f4
it is very good 
One of the worst games I've ever played. I genuinely don't get the appeal in counter strike. Maybe it's just me, maybe if I were hyper competitive, but this just seems like an objectively poor video game.
HMMMMMMMMM
good game
GOOD
regele aici
is a vary beautiful;
good game takes lots of training
sa
depends on if you like suffering
Best game ever
The best game ever.
after 1000 hours of this game my lifespan has been decreased signifigantly would 100% recommend 👍
if you keep playing this game you might have problems or you are getting paid enough to go through with it, but aye  maybe one day subtick actually works and all cheaters are banished
nie umiem w to grać xd
i dont like how rare getting skins is but i guess it makes sense because of how cool they look
fg
nice game but full of cheaters VAC do something about that
Nice game
mid asf game, I don't recommend
i like this game valve i buy skin then i get mvp 4 kills and basicly ace very not p2w
W
Gidd
hueta
This game is ♥♥♥♥  -i got fcking when i entering window -got call cheater because i have info -got rage by russian 10/10
wow
Run while you still can 
....
gg
Good
W
nice game
Nice game but a lot of cheaters
man get free game, free game no more free game, gambling.
vdsav
This game will quickly rise to my most played very soon
rep
The game of 2023 is dead. Now it's a cheater's game: survival of the fittest cheater 🤪
Хушая игра в моей жизни, но поставлю лайк👍
if you enjoy the feeling of utter dissapointment and the urge to throw away your pc then this is the game for you! - hackers who swear up and down "what hacks bro" - men hating you just because you are a woman "well your fat" - somehow always missing the easiest shots - your team mates will blame you for every little thing - theres always one team member that has the mic quality of a potato  overall the game can be fun (rarely)
no
Time Since Last Operation: 4 years 1 month 1 week 5 days 18 hours 0 minutes 18 secods
gaming
good
good
This game is very good :]
top 
not like the old CSGO but it's still have the competitive elements.
its okay
fart
game is game
калл
Exploiters every other match even with Prime, you're  better off playing literally any other shooter ever.  Also packet loss & stutters
nice game for cheat
goat 
Really fun game, just sucks that there are a lot of cheaters
Cheaters, bots, ♥♥♥♥ updates no asked for. Don't play this game
I love it. Dont care about the haters. Like chess or tetris... playable forever, never outdated.
Sometimes feeling the satisfaction of onetapping an enemy, sometimes crashing out because a guy is prefiring me in a smoke.  Overall 10/10
I've been called more slurs on this game than the hours I've played.  Fun game, theres a reason its lasted longer than any of my ex's.  Would recommend! <3
gud gaem
67
Gold gold gold
okeee
good
w gameeee best game ever fr i play it all day love it omg
great
這破玩意兒根本沒反應（看看這個示範）
Game is infested with cheaters 8 out or 10 matches at least if not more. One of my childhood games I am quitting now because I literally feel puking when I play with these cheaters and especially the obvious ones that keep stating skill lvl I am better you are noob and so on. Fking disgusting! Hope I never play this ♥♥♥♥ again! Valve has ruined the game by allowing these baboons to take over gl trash!
I like this game and I am playing from cs 1.6 till now and if you guys like shooting games I recommend you this game
buying prime > still face cheaters  maybe should increase the prime price to 50$
valve are acutally so mentally unaverage that they can't even design good maps anymore, like why can't I see ♥♥♥♥, valorant acutally might be better because atleast they have enemy highlights, and remember when gabe said games are suppose to be fun and not realistic, its not ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ fun when I can't even see my enemy because they blend into the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ lighting, acutal ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ kills
peak game ♥♥♥♥ cheater and i hate illegals
норм игор
bad team bad chinese teammate ♥♥♥♥ talk on you killed you they never get ban when u fight back u get ban very good game
W
alot of hackers but not bad
>
Very good game but csco is better
good ♥♥♥♥
=))
good.
Save yourself the trouble, you will be happy masterbating than playing this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game
It's bedtime!
The most beautiful, amazing, heart-wrenching game I have ever played. Words cannot do it enough justice to describe how much of a joy (and tragedy) it was to play this game. Jaw was on the floor countless times due to the music, gameplay, and especially story. This is the undisputed best game I have ever played and the champion of the decade. It is the most 10/10 10/10 game I have ever had the honor of playing. Sandfall has delivered a masterpiece in every sense of the word. I wish I could go back through this game blind in order to experience the raw story telling at its finest. It's just beautiful. Honestly, it may be too beautiful, as it will forever set the bar in the cosmos. I cannot recommend it enough.
this game is horrible
Hackers are rampant, toxic community, greedy monetization and dopamine frying cheap thrills that at the end of the day gives me no sense of accomplishment.
Coming from the era of CS 1.6 for a decade , the dynamics have sure changed and for my age it is a huge spin on graphics haaha , but still have the passion for the game !
this game makes me want to put a hole in my desk 10/10
writing after playing ~400 hours, bots are almost everywhere you go, it feels like only 30% of the player base are real.   Getting into premier most of the time players are very toxic and egoistic, some people only knows the language of abuse.  Indian servers are not good, I have seen serveral server lag while playing at night on weekends, and considering playing on Indian server I get pings very high compared to other games that has Indian servers.   It feels like Reporting does nothing and Anti-cheat(VAC Live) very rarely get into action.  Gunplay is amazing and movements and graphics of this game, the core mechanics are where this game get the no.1 spot and that's the only reason I am recommending this game.  Valve Pls Fix
terrible game
👌
lo recomiendo
Yeah GG, a billion dollar+ company and still can't come up with a proper anti-cheat after 20 years... oh but they keep coming up with new SKINS because they're more interested in their bottom line - fair play.
Good game
worse anti cheat than roblox anti cheat (atleast vac doesnt ban innocent people tho)
new to the game. so far having fun!
I have 20 hours from opening cases
Missed a shot called serveral slurs and bloodline cursed  10/10  Will miss shots again
the game constantly crashes for the wildest reasons, ive done everything i can to try and make it stop, random triggers, and corrupted files constantly. sometimes i can play it for weeks, sometimes, i cant play it for weeks.. no support from valve, just awful
lebron recommends👍
It's pretty funny that I get a 7 day VAC ban because I start winning a game in prem after getting slammed 3 games in a row really awesome dude.
Game bans people for being good lmao; absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
this game makes me want to kill myself, but its good
Great game
.
W
:)
67
made for ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, brought to you by ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
it's just rainbow now. i don't like rainbow. i liked cs. but now no more cs. lame. also, hackers. everywhere. k.
game is more racist than israel
Really Fun!
valorant better
dbs game
good game
Worse than epstein.
not bad
Great game for unemployed person like me.
ok game
aiyo 😭👉👈 this Counter-Strike experience was full on bakwaas only yaar 💩  teammates doing random random things, enemies one-tap gods 😔✨ and me just sitting like “what is this sh*tu gameplay re” uwu  graphics okay okay, but toxicity level = maximum ji 🥺🙏 overall review: very garbage energy… plz do the needful and fix this game 😭💔
it good
NUH
.
actually i like this game but idk
yeah idk
Fun Game
Click on head!
very good
Amazing game.
HH
me play game like me play game like me play game call name play game <3    
2026 and no anti cheat should say enough
Good game but the cheaters are crazy
easy to learn hard to master
decent game just a toxic ass player base and if u dont know what ur doing the guns can be highly inaccurate other than that pretty ight game
runid my life
mm so tasty 
Ver a chris irse en dona es top
Sold all my skins a month ago. Which I am regretting now.  Sold them because i have not played in 3 years. Started playing it again. I am loving it.
20+ Years into this franchise and they completely re-work reloading, messing w/ all the gun balancing. I love it, truly the gift that keeps on giving
Full of Cheaters yes but we do it for the money xD
its counter strike for fufcks sake.
gudigudi
great game gold gold gold
fun to spend all your money so you can get a knife do it.
Learned like 16 new slurs in Russian 100% reccomend
hehe
银河系最佳游戏
its prety fun
best game ever bts
how to play cs(2) ; step 1 - click the icon step 2 - wait step 3 - what am i doin? step 4 - play the worst mode called wingman step ? - play 5 match step ⱧɆⱠ₱ - 5 cheaters in a row ֆȶɛք ʏօʊ ǟʀɛ ռօȶ ǟʟօռɛ - dǝןǝʇǝ ƃɐɯǝ  step 1 - install cs2  step 2 -  ₭łⱠⱠ ɎØɄⱤ₴ɆⱠ₣ 
its alright 
cheaters every ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game ♥♥♥♥ you valve
best game but anticheat... yack
Get some help.
good
bro this game is my life
Horrible
its a game
Is alright game but if you vote dust ii then i hope your prostate swells up to the size of a grapefruit
aids 
If you are a degen and you hate your life, welcome home. Come gamble with us. Gold Gold Gold.
its cs its as fun as you would think
good
great game if you dont like ur life 
10/10 FPS, possibly the greatest
10/10
I HATE THIS GAME
i hate russians
This is what a video game is all about. Simple and fun. best fps to play.
.
Game is desperate for your $
This game is ragebait but i do like it.If you have anger Issues i don't recommend playing it. 
nuke is fun
yes 
this game is lowkey ass ngl
valve fix ur game so many cheater
i love this game very good game i like it.
wyyhwe 
If you dont want to get butt ♥♥♥♥♥♥ by cheaters, buy prime
So I have been playing CS from CS 1.3. I know this game has most competitive and greatest player base and I am rusty with my skills. But here is the thing, maybe I am wrong but too many players kill you every time 1 hit. Every time I just die 1 bullet to head. I know that there are many great players that can easily do that (I use to be one of them when I was playing 10-15h a day), but it seams more like there is more cheating than great play. Might be wrong... don't know...
Played CS since 2004? 2005?  havent played in quite some time but since peanut and the bois have been playing  Ive been enjoying myself again . not the best . but fun
gut game bad come isch deuche
it fun but got so much hackers that it ruins the experience bruh
Its goated but if u play with a friend that has a red trust factor ur team will be full of toxic or bad people and a lot of cheaters
I love it.
the antichrist of videogames
napicu
i love when other people call my slurs
Don't recommend games riddled with Filthy cheaters valve does nothing because most hacking accounts have 10's of thousands of dollars in skins on them GG! Good time if you're low elo though
Volvo pls update
Makes me wanna blow my shi smoove off
Only Cheaters play this game
hujnya nahui game i kill teamate it show if u kill 2 more i get kick i killed 1 i ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ got kick tie cio gandonie pyderasi
Changing the way reloading and ammo count works at this point in Counter Strike is fundamentally game breaking. There are many issues with this game that everyone has been open and vocal about since it came out and it's absolute radio silence from the devs. Instead they change some weapon sounds or go and do something like this with the ammo count that absolutely no one was asking for. I cannot recommend this game filled with bot lobbies, no way to pick what map you play willingly, have at minimum the original maps that were in the game before they just simply never added them back after the CS2 update, some form of a public roadmap for the game and future updates, and almost no performance updates and instead random changes no one asked for.   The player count is a joke as well, just bots farming play time for a weekly crate they sell for a few cents. Truly, whoever is working on this game should be ashamed at this point.
-/+
aguante bover
Yes
Really nice game, especially when your teammates kick you in the last round.
Has very good anticheat  Volvo is the 👌 👍
Counter-Strike is a phenomenon. It doesn't need my dumb opinion to support it.
AWSOME love VALVE
makes my life hell but i love it
ez pz lemon squeezy
Russian trollers or russian hackers 10 out of 10
i love this game
good
yes
VAC aint doing ♥♥♥♥, full of cheaters
.
eq
Game gud  Many Cheat is not gud  
Yall really need to do something about the hackers. It is getting out of control.
yes
lovin it ♥
It's a very bad game! There are so many games with the same idea. This one is so toxic, and their reverse trade system doesn't even work (I lost a £200 knife because there is a flaw in their system). Do not install if you want to keep your sanity. I'm selling my skins and hitting the uninstall button  
I like it
Dobra igrica ali vise citera nego pravih igraca
very gud very swag
i am private rank3 my oponents rank 22 
best game ever
addicting, fun when bored.
Not Fun
Games pretty cool .
A very excellent game, with equal players and rules, no baiting, no trolling, all skill and just kind persons in every match, would recommend to everyone as a calm game (Said no one ever).
Drecksspiel
Have been playing counter strike since before steam even existed, i remember going into micro center getting half life then counter strike on a cd. Surf maps, zombies, finding pugs in IRC. Ventrilo. I just came back to cs and seeing what it has become is absolutely epic. I played cs go a lil but gave up on it, missed 1.6 and still do. This version compared to cs;go feels more old school. Cod and bf are dead, come back to cs!
Like
i lov cs2!!!!!!!
..
Game
AWESOME SAUCE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
♥♥♥♥ GAME ONLY MAKES YOU ANGRY
nice game
♥♥♥♥ game I walk I aim I shoot I miss even tho crosshair was on their ♥♥♥♥ and balls...  Would reccomend!!!
cheater blayt cheater ban them not the bot accounts
Дороговато
67
Nice game really
такое себе
nice guy
gedrgnioewuis

Trash game, always crashes and i simply get banned for no reasons !!! F valve F CS2 staff !!!!!
first match playing vs people with autism = win + 124 second game vs prime NAVI = -999 nice game
TOO MANY HACKERS AND TOXIC PLAYERS 453 HOURS OF PLAY TIME AND 96% OF THE TIME THERE'S A HACKER
cancer
i want to die
i like this game
Eats your mental peace a bit everytime you play the game but you get to learn russian and mandrin so highly recommended
very good
Я ВА УЕХАУП ♥♥♥♥ ПОМОЙКА ВАХУЕ Я НАВЕРНОЕ.. хммм а может НЕ Я В СЁ ТАКИ ВАХУЕ ну она просто говно!
Its an nice game :)
.
Meowing for people is a good time.
very videogame
pls gaben 
red trust but good game  except the cheater and non existing anti cheat lmao
lk
Tva e nai moloumnata igra suzdavana nqkoga.Na maika vi putkata umrqla za tva che vsichko zavisi ot shibaniq trust factor.Kon da vi go nabie dano
b
.
you can waste money on cases
Piece of ♥♥♥♥ filled with cheaters and farming bots anti cheat is a joke.
Instead of Valve listening to the community, they decide to push stupid updates like the reload change. Why change something that worked since ages?
best gamer ever made
♥♥♥♥ the terminals
Dopamine peak.
love u 
game sucks vac ban is just a myth nothig happens to hackers and cheater, this game is more about gambling on cases and not the fps cause otherwise theyd put in effort fixing the actual game..so yeah go ahead and cheat nothing will happen to you..valve the jew goblins
kafkaesque game
good.
кайф игруха
♥♥♥♥ ur terminal ♥♥♥♥♥ ass ♥♥♥♥♥♥s
I love csgo so much I love gambling all my money and not feeding my kids
Cool
good game im glad to play
Honestly, even tho I suck balls at this game, it's actually really nice if you're willing to give it your time. It's just that CS2 requires really fast reaction times and for you to always pre-aim at the head.  With that said, I really dislike how Prime Status is essentially required to enjoy the full game, even tho the full game is still good. Me personally, I kinda find it a ♥♥♥♥ move to put the rest of the game experience behind Prime Status than to do actually useful things like improve anti-cheat and new player experience.  But overall, it's kinda a nice game. Surf maps are peak.
there is nothing new to say about this game but the anti-cheat still needs work along with the tick rate
cheaters
worst game ever 
qfqf
recommend for first timers without prime
The best anticheat in the world !
M-am jucat 140 de ore si am developat pareza mintala congenitala!! Recomand celor certati cu veatzsa
boss
GoodGame
man this game is free to play but pay to enjoy 
coolcoolcoolcoolcoolcool 
fun
cheaters
HELL YEAA
havnet had any hackerws yet played sinei was 13 im 22 now so almost 10 years.
best game  
NO GOLD, BAD GAME
I miss CS:GO, but its fun to play with friends after classes.
if you wanna argue with russians this is the game recomend
Great game, always come back.
amazing game
Fun Gameplay yes, but the Anti-Gambling Stuff in the EU might as well be called removel of Cases. Since nobody in their right mind will buy a ♥♥♥♥ skin and is then essentialy bared from a game mechanic. The balls to say the Scanner comes with a preloaded Skin effectivley forcing ppl to buy sayed skin (yes its not free as some kind of gift) for 2.19 is crazy.  I agree that gambling is bad, i agree that we have to do ♥♥♥♥ against it, but this is probably one of the wors ways to do it.
because this gane is like me, gay
Really fun family activity to gamble together!
p
great game
♥♥♥♥ game,3 
i love when my pc crashes mid game and i would recommend playing it on intel core i3-6100 proccesor and integrated intel 530 graphics card  10/10
its very fun
10/10 game  Best way to ragebait a friend
I can play this game for hours... the knife/glove skins are a little expensive.
this game sucks
good game
good way to learn russian
good 
good 
lose after lose after lose after lose to the cheaters.
l
A truly wonderful game. The nova is not underpowered and the negev, xm, auto, sg, aug, and r8 are not overpowered. Hit registration is great and I love it when I dink someone with a full spread of buckshot from 5' away but it does 30 damage.
ts game isn verry funnnn
team8s are very ♥♥♥♥♥ at this game but game is perfect and i broke my mouse bc of it but ok 
https://steamcommunity.com/id/jL-13/inventory/#730_2_38824393599
You don't know true pain until you witness spinbotting russians Valorant has nothing on this game
good game
W game
Good game, awasdasdasdadsadsa
good to me
shi is miserable
CS2 is like Poker ,you can get good at it[or cheat] but at the end of the day ,its mostly gambling.                                             [only upvoting for better luck when opening cases ,please do not play this game]
i will pass down my cs inventory to my children
BEST GAME
There are only two types of people who play this game. people who play it and immediately drop it or people who play it and play it for hundreds of hours. no inbetween. this is definetely the most enraging game i have evere played.
M249 should be eradicated from this game
My Favourite Game <3 Love this Game always
its good 
head go dink
jewish man told me being racist is good for you
ghjghjk
.
VAC lí do?
DWDAHJFKLA  
Great game
good game with dalbajob friends
trash
Best game ever
отличная игра
i learned russian
very nice play premier and mister chainese move like a helicopter  vac live very dead
-
gg
its good, but ass at the same time, hate my life, but i love it
fine, but vac dosent work
good game 
.
great game never play again
keep pushing 
Added magazine update that nobody asked for, instead of fixing server instability or hackers
ayo chiiiiiiiil
kel mai bun gioc jucat
i get flashed by older men everytime i push mid not a fun experiance
I want to break my computer after every death, awful game, don't play it. 10/10
good game
dfrscgxb
def a banger so sexy
da
♥♥♥♥ ass game, dont play it
rep
Best fps i have ever played.
fine ♥♥♥♥♥ 
Very good game if u wanna have mental problems
The game keeps getting worse and worse. The community is also one of the worst ones ever.
67
lissee
great game  lots of cheaters
good game but cheaters there
tung tung tung tung tung rapehur
One of the best games on earth but the anti cheat is so bad 
The best antycheat ever :)
HAKUNA MATA
This game can teach you three things: 1. Russian 2. How to destroy your whole setup 3. How to professionally gamble
.
i'm noob ;3
♥♥♥♥ game
good gamee
♥♥♥♥ game, a lot of cheaters
hackers ruined this game
This game is pure testosteron. the most manly game i ever played
haha 67
peepeepoopoo
sugi pl
noob vs pro vs hacker simulator 
Good
The best game in my life :x! s7aRx - ROMANIA @_@
very good game good skins
magazine change is the end for me, desync bs, no anti cheat anymore, no overwatch, all this just to have a fancier graphic... just let us play cs:go again with online servers  this is Counter Strike not Arma
1.Manoleta e gay 2.Manole nu e gay 3.Mama lui Manole NE este draga
its good '
sometimes maybe good sometimes maybe bad
if you want to hate your life this game is perfect for u 👌
very fun
gg
ALWAYS GOOD GAME  
You know, this game is a very hard game to start and enjoy, you will hate everything about it for about two weeks. Then once you decide one day to just play with a friend you will see something different. Yes this game has an extreme playerbase. Yes this game relies mostly on aim, skill, and gamesense. But once you just play 15 hours you will have that aim, that starter skill, and the gamesense. But don't think it's sunshines and rainbows. It will make you delete this game, and weeks later redownload this game again. It's very hard on pc's if you don't lower settings, I use disabled player contrast, all shadows with a res of 1280x960 8x anti-aliasing trilinear texture filtering and everything else on bare minimum and I get 240 fps stable. Just see how you feel and you can delete it, it's free.
this game rules 
weae
Good
nice game
suka
Cs2 is fun when you have some people to play with and dont get interrupted by cheaters
good game
♥♥♥♥♥♥ ass game full of hackers and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ahh vac system stay on vacation all the time. Tired of this game, cant play any game properly. hackers are everywhere. Fix this game
Dont do this, i have gambling addiction now
very good game
Good Game
cel mai bun
Good game
i would not recomment this game to anyone, im just playing it because im addicted to it and u could gamble but even this is now trash with the x-ray scan. just play the game if u have mental issues and be able to speak russian
help great cs2
HIGH MS DROPS
, 
.
good game
ncc 
rosobliet
asdjlhfasklhjf
It has taken all my money 10/10 would recommend
WORST GAME EVER !!!!!!! A LOT OF CHEATERS PLAY THIS GAME !!!!  
гудддд
best game no hacker vac is best
залупа евыаы аыв аыва ываыва
Good game!
good
залупа ♥♥♥♥♥♥
goated FPS OAT
The AUG makes my ♥♥♥♥ throb uncontrollably,
♥♥♥♥♥ из под коня
got banned for 24 days cuz i shot my teamate that killed me 3 times
good
more cheaters then tinder
...
I INSTALLED THIS GAME TO HANGOUT AND CHILL AND TBH NOW I FEEL LIKE I WANNA KMS
My life has significantly worsened since I started playing. I have anger issues, I've punched walls, broke my desk, screamed at my wife, and have become finanically irresponsible. It has taken a toll on my wallet and my life. Best game ever made.
six seven eight nine will you be my valentine 
happy!this is a nice game have cheater but no problem we can play because its sso nice game.
this game is more addicting than mcat
it wont take down my red trust factor. i am not cheating or killing teammates and still have red trusts constantly 3 months 
dafaq is cs 2? i bought cs go, how can u change my purchase? lmao
♥♥♥♥♥ читерская
good game
Super toxic community Ludicrous marketplace and gambling tactics Full buy to look at my pretty skins Get awped down long a million times never seeing the enemy once Get called every slur in the book chilling at the bottom of the leaderboard This game frustrates me to no end and yet the peaks are so high when you frag out  See you all tomorrow.
s
good game
 good boy 
yes
Kokotina
best game 
,,./,./.,
HVH GAME
95 hours of russian lesons  10/10 
best game
very nive you can shoot chikens
Game is good but in dm there are matches full of bots and without prime there are very much of cheaters and sometimes you shoot a hedshot but enemy doesn’t die and every week there are at least 1 update but the game is steel ok
“In Counter Strike we don’t say ‘good player’…” Instead we say: hile hile kesin hile amına kodumun o. cocusu
I have over 2600 hours across Counter-Strike, so this comes from someone who genuinely loves the game.  CS2 is still one of the best competitive shooters ever made. Gunplay is unmatched, and the core gameplay loop is as addictive as always. Whether playing with friends or solo, it’s always engaging.  Visually, the game looks great for a CS title. Maps feel cleaner, lighting is improved, and everything feels more modern while keeping the classic identity.  BUT…  The state of the game right now is heavily affected by cheaters and bots.  -Deathmatch servers are full of bots -Cheaters can be found at any level of play -Some players are blatantly cheating with little to no consequence  It genuinely feels like enforcement is not keeping up, and that hurts the experience a lot. At this point, it’s the community and the pro scene carrying the game, not the company behind it. CS2 is still a great game at its core, but Valve seriously needs to step up when it comes to anti-cheat and server quality.  Good game. Poor support where it matters most.
Great game :)
The best of the best
someone called me the n word nice  game will recomend
Its a great shooting game.
good game to gamble
Hello. After years and years of CrossFire, I really enjoy CS2 and I recommend to everyone who likes shooters! Thank you!
Игра говна
really good game, but I met many cheaters which is not that good
Speed Approves
.............
I likrd this game so far, but there are many cheaters and volvo don't ban them
damn love the cheaters in this game , so easy to play against them i love this game
Russians
Good game
this game is super duper fun and sigma 
super hra s cheatermi
Very good, i like when  opponents follow me trough walls.
nice
gg
❤️❤️❤️
i wasted ike 3k hours here
kind russian guys
Sometimes maybe good sometimes maybe ♥♥♥♥ :)
oyunda lag var ping sorunu var hile sorunu zaten var sadece haftalık drop için oynanır bu oyun başka oynanmaz
ass game ♥♥♥♥ this stupid ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥
Same old classic
gg
I broke my kb
Best game ever (except CSGO)
I like it, its a good stress game
amazing game...
awesome
Belea  
don't like the new update with the ammo >:((((((((
I have a gambling addiction, and CS:GO never fails to catch me when I'm most emotionally vulnerable, Valve themselves reaches around and grabs me by the waist and whisper sweet promises of gold into my ears, straddling my hands to the steam marketplace to place orders on cases, dragging me to the menu and into my inventory where they force my head down into the keyboard to buy keys. and then they pull my head back by the ponytail to watch as they straddle and f*** my bank account sideways for their sick amusement.
People be rude as ♥♥♥♥ for no reason
if you want brainless ♥♥♥♥♥ on team play valorant, this game is amazing here you get apes
not recommended
almost the best game ...fix anticheat pls
yes
imba igra
best game ever
fun game
VAC is ♥♥♥♥
Playing since 2002, Counter-Strike has been with me since my childhood. So many versions came and went, but I never stopped coming back. There is something about this game that no other FPS can replace.  The gameplay is timeless. Aim, reflex, teamwork, map knowledge, clutch moments, pressure, satisfaction, everything just hits differently here. Counter-Strike 2 still carries that same soul, and that is why the series continues to be praised as one of PC gaming’s great FPS pillars.  This is not just one of the best FPS games for me. This is the FPS game of my life.
норм и груля =)
▬▬▬.◙.▬▬▬ ═▂▄▄▓▄▄▂ ◢◤ █▀▀████▄▄▄▄▄▄◢◤ █▄ █ ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)█▀▀▀▀▀▀▀╬ ◥██████◤ ══╩══╩══ suba no meu helicóptero
Wow
имбуля
fun 
You go in the game. You play the game. You close the game. You uninstall the game. You cry yourself to sleep. And you do that every day. 10/10
I need skins (:
dating app but for finding russian friends to argue with
<3
best game forever
i love the game but i dont see the good part of the mags rework,but overall the game is very good
I would only recommend because gamble
good place to tilt
good + theres cases
good game
I really liked it to be honest it felt LIKE HELL before buying prime
New Players, Godspeed, you'll need it. So pushing past the horrible Cheating issue.  i have put time into this game long in the past, the amount of practicing you must do to even begin to do anything other than bottom frag requires that you have absolutely zero life... alot of practicing with a few good guns yes, but mainly having to know where the hell to aim before you dare peak is MAJOR The Community is as toxic as ever, but the worst part is they arent even funny, 90% of the time, you will be put into a ongoing game against the most stacked "casual" players ever, but this has always been the case, the skill gap has risen IMMENSELY, you will be one tapped, thousands of times, you will be Wallbanged like a nail through drywall.   BUT, you will find your thing, this game, despite its issues, and major skill gap, draws me back in like a damn fiend, and still better than Val..   THE HACKERS GOTTA GOOOOOOOOOOO
very tung tung to my sahur liking
Норм
Man, why
BEST GAME BUT FIX THE GAME
god games 
sdwasd
solid game man love it

goated
a
i dont get why this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game has lag spikes. Not any other game i own will lap spike like this game. Makes the game UNPLAYABLE.
cvjhgvgiu
sometimes the tables are HOT... sometimes i want to shower with my toatser... 10/10 would reccomend
In hopes this breaks my case opening curse....... <3 valve. Game 10/10 ragebait 10/10 my random teammates 0/10  Game will give you back problems from carrying your teammates. 10/10
deff not worth it, i hate my life because of it, i wanna take my own life
This game is actual garbage i played 1 legit game out of 10 my god what a load of kaka bot heaven dont even bother
amazing 
good game
Lots of cheaters even after buying prime
yes
valve is ruining this game bring back reloading
greatest valve game series next to half life and portal (l4d also) can talk ♥♥♥♥ and say whatever like it was 2013  learning to aim good is a curve, more fun with friends then alone
good
gg
Лучшие 5 минут в моей жизни 
SOB
gamba gamba gamba
Way to many smurfs and cheaters.
csgo better
This game is great just matchmaking sucks
Gud👍🏻
lalariin togloom.
nice
Love the ammo mag change
Very fun
its super fun
este jogo é absolutamente perfeito adoro jogar um bom cs
good
♥♥♥♥♥ ass
garbage. full of straight up nazis hurling slurs the entire game. genuinely not fun to play
b2q4
gg
good
Poop.
Yes
idk
nice
HOT
w game i suck at it tho
♥♥♥♥ thuis
el mejor juego lo que lo dana es los hackers
If you love being flamed for how bad you are this is the game for you.
fun
This game make me want to beat my wife and kids. Also u will hear a 10 year old kid scream the n word
топ за свои деньги
to many cheaters does not get banned they get cooldown people who run game retarded
good
ye
I grew up playing Counter-Strike 1.3, 1.5, 1.6, and Source. I also played Global Offensive. I loved playing CS back when you could install your own weapon skins for free and choose your own tags for free. It has been years since then and I am trying to get used to the game again. I have been playing COD and BF. So it is very hard to relearn the game. That being said, I LOVE THIS GAME STILL. I just wish I had enough money to be as addicted to the cases as I am. I have only opened maybe 7. Also I don't think you should have to purchase the cases AND the keys. The cases should be free once in a while when you level up OR should have to buy the cases, but once you purchase them you should be able to open them! IT JUST SEEMS LIKE A RIP OFF MAN. Other than that I really don't have any complaints. It's a fun game. It definitely takes practice though.
gameplay is great, gunplay is peak, addicting as hell
best game itw
asdasd
I hate this game. See you tomorrow.
Trash ass game can't even aim in. Even paying for premium doesn't get rid of blatent cheating. I would refund but not allowed.
OG and will play until I die xD
I'm not sure why I play this.......
i have played counter stirke for 14 consecutive years. i can say without a doubt i love this game, it makes me hard to play this game. the full climax i get from unboxing a factory new knife  is more then any woman can offer me. my wife has left me
the 5 stages of CS, Fun, Sad, Rage, Fun, Garbage. no in between :D
♥♥♥♥♥ game 
cool
https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198874103075/ 1st. This profile is cheating  steam://rungame/730/76561202255233023/+csgo_download_match%20CSGO-OAtiw-78cF5-sfhcR-MOMzs-3rP3A 2nd. Watch this game of this jefery manage 50-60 kills. VALVE PLEASE UPGRADE THAT ANIT-CHEAT SYSTEM HE WAS SHOOTING TROUGH WALL AND EVERY SINGLE THING!!!
. 
full with cheaters . ty
ilove
Ammo clip update is THE WORST thing this game has ever put out. The devs seem determined to run this game into the ground.
wallah good 
If you love braindead teammates who scream the entire time this is perfect. I had 90,000 in the bank before I played with a loving wife and now I’m broke, in debt, and single. Greatest game ever.
recoil is on next level -
GOOD GAME
Gut game, lots of russians tho
its like cs but cs2
nice game i get vac ban 181 days... 
Game is full of people with low test levels and cant aim so they aim lock thats cs games super easy to learn jus usless humans play it valve your games ass and you guys should all be fired pdfs

good
Mentally Breaking youu
I just don't like multiplayer games.
nice
.....
k
Good game, chill players.
fun game csgo better tho
yes
im addicted to gambling
bgggdgdg
Worst game, worst people still playimg only ts. Lost few friends over a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ awp skin and getting screamed at by the some russians and turks. Only faceit is playable anything else is bs
alex cheater
NC
Still haven't learned to counter any strikes yet
CS and PUBG got the lowest score possible from the ADL for jewish protection. What ever you are would also rank 0. 10/10 would recommend if you want to learn new slurs for your race
i hate it so good
good game
GOLD GOLD GOLD GOLD GOLD GOLD
best game of all times :)
it's better than vlrnt
pew pew go brrrr
its good
best fps oat
Counter-Strike 2 is honestly one of the most frustrating experiences I’ve had. The game feels unfinished, with constant bugs, inconsistent hit registration, and servers that can’t keep up. It’s supposed to be an upgrade, but somehow it removed features and made the overall experience worse than before. Matchmaking is a mess, and cheaters still feel way too common. It’s disappointing to see such a legendary game in this state. 
I have trauma.
GOOD
I like gamble
Güzel
Cool
cs2
In Counter-Strike 2, the game plays YOU!
GREAT GAME
this game has turned me into a russian nationalist furry and i still cant get 10k elo
top
Cases öffnen wurde mit dem x-ray scanner kommplett kaputt gemacht wie der Rest von diesem spiel auch. Valve zwingt einen 2 euro zu bezahlen um überhaupt cases öffnen zu können, nimmt mit dem X-ray scanner den ganzen Spass vom unboxing und nach dem snannen MUSS man den Gegenstand kaufen um noch ein case zu öffnen. Vavle sind die spieler natürlich wie immer egal weil ja nur das Geld zählt- CS2 ist nun komplett für mich gestorben UND ich habe 2 euro verloren.
pretty good
this game is also known as the ''♥♥♥♥♥♥ maxxing'' club
ass game
I need to buy more knife skins 5/5
3 game 3 CHEATER, nice game.
Comp cooldown because my game ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ crashed, this game is sooo ass, I hope the devs go to hell
foarte bun jocu aproape nu mai sunt jucatori care sa nu aiba coduri
Wake up, pee, eat, play cs2, repeat
♥♥♥♥ game got low trustfactor for no reason
DOMER
not bad game, but not good game
VERY GOOD EXPERIENCE. LEARNING NEW LANGUAGES EVERYDAY I RECOMMEND PLAYNG THIS GAME
ban the cheaters
This game has everything: ''trust issues'' ''random Russian guy screaming'' ''teammates turning into analysts after dying'' ''and my aim leaving the chat'' 10/10 I will never quit
gh
*thumbs up*
give me gold now please
Good game, but servers and settings needs to be more optimized. But In game Mechanics are awesome Most cs2 servers are trash in south asia.
s
This game is a bit of an intresting phenomenon. it gets down on your nerves but you still come back to play. For me the best feature of this game is its market connected to steam. Half of my games are bought with the help of prime weekly drops. Sadly you have to buy prime but I mean its understandable. Even tho Cs2 is more of a modern version fitting todays standarts it doesn't capture the same feelings that Csgo had. Maybe because of nostalgia surouding the older iteration. This game is fun if you know how to play. Unfortunally I really don't and progress is so slow that you will probably drop the game before becoming better. But it is not a flaw of the game ranking system or anything i just believe that it's more of my own skill issue. Overall the game is fine and every single game makes you rage sometimes just this game will amplify your rage 100 times more than usual it will become like a life of a drug addict a literal loop that will never end so call it enternal tornment those who play it once are left with it on their desktops till the Pc dies.
Got deppresion after playing my first match
Not good game  not fun
It's cool I guess
Трёшку сити за матч отгрузил, потом минус три на б дал и каточку выиграл. Ну что еще надо для хорошей жизни?
.
Servers are ♥♥♥♥ and the amount of cheaters is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ stupid getting prime does nothing
♥♥♥♥
good to learn russian and polland
Impossible to find a match waiting 1 hour
w game w valve
lowkey impressive that the first 3 matches in deathmatch were with full bot lobbies and the second game even had a spam bot that was on the server-side that was spamming ads
good
After a 20 year hiatus from my CS 1.4 to CSGO .. what a difference in game and great graphics
VOLVO NEED CS3
nice
best 
has no cheatrs (dont trust me)
very racist
100% not toxic 
is good game until some russian kid starts to sweat on your ahh
w
HNFGDRJBGTZTJHRSGBR
best game
Counter-Strike 2 by Valve is a modern update to one of the most iconic FPS games ever made. It keeps the classic tactical gameplay that fans love while introducing new features and improved graphics.  The best part of the game is its gameplay. Shooting feels accurate, and every match requires skill, teamwork, and good strategy. The new Source 2 engine makes the game look better, with improved lighting and updated maps that still feel familiar.  However, the game is not perfect. Many players feel that it launched with missing content compared to the previous version. There are also bugs and performance issues that can affect the experience. Some changes have also been controversial, especially among long-time players.  The latest update brought new changes to gameplay, including adjustments to weapons and mechanics. One of the biggest changes is how reloading works, making it more realistic but also frustrating for some players. While the update adds more strategy, not everyone likes these changes.  Overall, Counter-Strike 2 is still a strong competitive game with solid gameplay, but it needs more improvements and better updates to satisfy all players.  Rating: 7.5/10
Become a terrorist. Buy an AK47 and shoot a man in the head It only takes one shot to kill him Plant the bomb where you're told to Win against the enemies of Russia  Go home, Play CS2
The game i love and hate at the same time.
good game
sure
good game but a lot of hackers
ty gaben
Nah not bad
gimme skins

I've been playing Counter-Strike since source and I can say without a shadow of a doubt everyone should try this game at least once. I always find myself coming back to CS and playing it over most other games I own.
10/10 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ per lobby. 
çok iyi
Good game if u need to crash out
an isnvestment of 15 euros for prime made me a good amount of money 
This game is my purgatory
Whenever my teammates sell i can just kill them i may get banned but its all good. and gambling
good
Gambling succeeded, me hapi :)
Very fun, yet complicated game. The teamwork aspect is awesome, I really love being apart of a team like that.
full of bots in competitive and premier. not to mention aim bots and bunny hops scripter
i like it
welllllllll
volvo fix anti cheat 🙏🙏🙏
Fantastic game!!
mentally draining and will make you a psycho waiting for someone to peek 10/10
Крутая игра но обнова с патронами говно полнейщая
good for low pc  just fun
Věty good and tactics game
yees
epic
Yes.
Looks like the recent purge of bots and cheats have worked. I haven't encountered any of them in my recent matches.  [h2]Pros:[/h2] [b]+[/b] Fun to play, especially with friends. [b]+[/b] The games usually last ~30 minutes. [b]+[/b] The guns keep getting nerfed/buffed with updates to keep you on your toes. [b]+[/b] Weekly drops (for people with Prime Status). [b]+[/b] Variations of weapon skins which are essentially worth real-money (You can sell/trade/invest/keep them. Basically whatever you want).  [h2]Cons:[/h2] [b]-[/b] Not much fun when there are teammates who refuse to give you info in English -or AT ALL for that matter-. [b]-[/b] There are occasinal griefers/bots in your team, cheater opponents etc. [b]-[/b] Premier scores are not accurate at all. For example, you can see people absolutely dominating everyone at 1k-5k and people who don't have the slightest clue about what's going on at 10-15k. [b]-[/b] There is this [b]Trust Factor Score[/b] which is not visible. So, you don't really what your score is. Also, there are no concrete answers on what increases/decreases it, just vague ones... And the score effects the likelihood of facing griefers/cheaters/bots in your match. The problem is that you can get a low Trust Factor Score by out-doing yourself in a match and *I think* if you get reported for no obvious reason. I suspect the report system only affects your Trust Factor negatively and nobody actually checks the gameplay to ban him/her... That's the only use case of the report system. As you can imagine, people can and do abuse this.
w
ts so ahh
This isnt an FPS game. Just a game used to gain money. Because all features are about money. Not the game mechanics. Also full of noobs running around with smgs while shooting then calling you a noob and themselves a pro for getting 1 kill more than you. Also not even sure if this game even has an anti-cheat at this point. Playing candy crush is even more enjoyable. This is just a waste of time. Just fix your game instead of publishing new skins. This game requires luck more than skill. And game servers suck even more. a guy with 4 ping is playing  in the same server with 90 ping.
runs like ♥♥♥♥
CS2, oynanış hissiyatı ve mekanikleriyle gerçekten bir üst seviyeye çıkmış. Grafiklerdeki iyileştirmeler ve ses tasarımı oyuna ciddi bir atmosfer katıyor. Özellikle rekabetçi modda denge ve akıcılık oldukça tatmin edici. Güncellemelerle daha da iyi hale geleceğini düşünüyorum, kesinlikle şans verilmeli.
0-12 teamates yo
great game i love it im gay and love hearing men get angry it turns me on i love this game they all love gay men
good
still a big fan of go..but if cs2 graphics and mechanics combine with csgo..we have the greatest game of all time..
n1 game
very good game 
best gameeee
Very good game
maybe....
very tricky game.
yes
asdsad
anani tersten gormek te varmish
great
.
Very good, learn russian and its perfect game.
Igra govna, ni vseravno igraem :c
This is a beautyfull game. I like it so much!
This game is a landmark in gaming history. I've only started playing recently, but I've watched videos on youtube and streamers on twitch play this for years. Quite possibly one of the best ideas to ever come to gaming. 10/10
d
ak-47 in my backpack <3
The community is welcoming, engaging and kind overall!!!
asadasdasd
fire game
ok
save yourself some mental health problems
very hard game but looking good
very goood 
Cheaters.
g
bad community
ddddddddd
a
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game is insane
O_o
good W game for FLASHBANG DANCE
nice
to the person who invented this game: i hope both sides of your pillow are warm, your blanket is somehow too short and too heavy at the same time, your phone charger only works if you hold it at a very specific angle while not breathing, your Wi-Fi disconnects at 99% every single time, your socks get wet for no clear reason, your sleeve slides down whenever you wash your hands, your alarm goes off but you’re still exhausted, autocorrect embarrasses you in front of the exact people you didn’t want to embarrass yourself in front of, your headphones only work in one ear unless you twist the wire just right, every chair you sit on makes a noise in a silent room, your favourite song always gets interrupted by an ad, your food is always slightly too hot or slightly too cold, you hit every red light when you’re already late, you forget why you walked into a room, your pen runs out of ink mid-sentence, your screen brightness is never right no matter how much you adjust it, your shoelace comes undone right after you tie it, your phone battery jumps from 20% to 1% in seconds, your notifications disappear when you tap them, you miss the last step on the stairs, your nose gets itchy when your hands are full, your keyboard adds letters you didn’t type, your hoodie string gets permanently stuck in the dryer, your drink spills just enough to be annoying but not enough to justify cleaning it immediately, your earbuds tangle themselves while sitting completely still, your volume is either too loud or too quiet with no in-between, your glasses smudge the moment you clean them, your package says “delivered” but is nowhere to be found, your chair squeaks every time you shift even slightly, your sleep position is never comfortable, your phone slips out of your hand and lands face-down, your app refreshes right when you were about to finish reading, your shoelaces drag on the ground after you’ve already left the house, your nail catches on fabric repeatedly, your hoodie pocket has crumbs you don’t remember putting there and your alarm snoozes itself one too many times.
log quit 
♥♥♥♥♥ seks
I just love when russians tickle my bumhole through walls
BYAT 
so fun game.
One of the best FPS shooters out there very fun. Although VAC is lwk terrible and there are way to many cheaters out there but other than a few small things, an amazing game. Love it and hate it at the same time :)
russian guy scream at me. i clutch russian guy still scream 10/10
got ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ kicked for a ddos attack and got a 7 day comp ban like wtf
I bought a prime status, but is shows that I’m not.
Вийдіть краще навулицю
Play game if you want to get headache
best fps game actually
67676766767676767667
everywhere cheaters + valve doesnt care about this game
Removes 70% of the content that was in Cs:Go, absolutely no giant upgrades to the game warranting to the removal of Cs:Go, graphics are slightly improved, but the performance tanks by almost 60% for absolutely no reason. The only new thing is the volumetric smoke an that's it. Most of the maps in go are just gone gone no news if they're every adding them back, same with most of the gamemodes.   Shooting feels off sometimes because they saw valorant having 128 tick servers, but they didnt want to spend money to upgrade the server so they just made software that "simulates" 128 tick servers so its still 64 tick just with extra bloat on top of them, peakers advantage is still very present.  The new "cases" are changed to where, they're "free", but if you get a good skin or a knife, YOU will have to pay close to full price for it according to the steam market place, which is basically steam being upset that high value items are being sold privatly and not directly through valve. Anti Consumerism.  Game crashes are EVERYWHERE, not to mention the "a steam account is required to play this game, no steam logo" as you are playing the game for a good 15 min and required to restart all of steam to play it.   What an absolute OW2 situation, where they make the old version unplayable, force you to play this game which just isnt functional and just worse in monitization and gameplay.  Also the new "VAC live" anticheat, just is worse than normal vac in every sense it just doesnt work. I dont understand how an anticheat from 10+ years ago can outperform a modern anticheat.
y0!
y 4y45635443 trg34
I don't want to give this game a negative review, as Valve has a drone ready to ♥♥♥♥ me up so +1.
idk
aga dangerous
very cool
TOPGAME!!
not enough cheaters
Sheeeeesssshhhhhh
great game. havent broken a keabord since the start! only the spacebar
.
1
.
if you are deppressed, now you will be even more deppresswed but now you have skins
VERY CALMING GAME
Best game btww <#
very good
mut
PLs no ruskey
is so fun and if you an og you know what i mean!
never gets old
2 many cheaters in this game
.
Good
is a good game     
very good game if you want to learn russian
good
👌
w
Hay
i cant do anything help
Got banned for 7 days because i kicked two players in two matches because they were slowing us down. Love the game!
W game, L anticheat.
nice 
suka
a
good game :D
profesionalizm
best game ever made
f,cv,cv,dmgn,dmdg,cmb v bmbgfdgnfhgfh
worst mistake.
good
fire
What can i say
Must give an option for prime players to join non-prime casual servers without relying on a poor non-prime friend.
tooo many cheaters
wdasdasddadadadadad 
haha hehe huhu hoho
Nice game too many cheaters
Nice
цифра дявола ахахахах
This game’s very good I found few bugs and good friends with whom we play in the evenings or even during the day
too many cheaters unplayable game nowadays.
learn great new words in russian very good.
Doesn`t really like shooting-games, but this is fun (especially with friends)!!
good ♥♥♥♥
amazing game
fun game just a lot of cheaters unfortunatley
.
Gabe Newell has taken so much money from me
ok
pretty good if teammates have monitors on
.
Unless you play with friends. People are super toxic
♥♥♥♥ game
NNNICEE GAME 
ass game
I love this game forever.
🔝
funny drunk or high mentally ill men in lobby volvo nerf my enemies  not everybody is cheating bro maybe theyre just better  Gameplay 6/10 Fun 10/10
Great game. Toxic players.
500hrs
+faceit, -premier
....
homie convinced me build a pc and quit console rust just for this game. achieved higher rank than him in one month. good game.
Compared to updating this game, you are more suited to making money
давно хотел поиграть, создал аккаунт наконец то и сразу купил прайм, отличная игра
game for sigma
boom go bomb 
GOOD COMMUNITY
"I hate these chickens, scrawny little birds, just feathers and bones."
great game
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ GAME
best game in the ice world
nice game
oyun dehşet
-rep all of u mirage bots
nihao nice game gg 
This is THE upper echelon of tactical FPS games, There isn't any game that is both as mechanically and mentally challenging as this game can be, the 20+ years of gameplay show this in the tactics. That said, PLEASE just go play fortnite or something, it isn't worth it, you'll hate your life when u start playing this game, and u won't be able to quit.
najgora igrica u historiji covjecanstva jebem joj sve zivo i mrtvo
.
Good Game.
de
no
awesome
nice
w game 
BANYAK BUG NYA KONTOL
absolute cinena 
I like it
 W game man {joke}
Made me gamble and lose my mortgage, I now want to beat my wife and kids. Also i'm 15  10/10 Would gamble again
i don't like it 
Ok game, waiting for proper updates, working vac and consistent premier matchmaking
D
22+ years on and off this pos and it still gets me depressed after 2 games. The only thing "fixed" after all this time is for you to spend more money on micro transactions. Be smart, stay away. Unless you want to start a gambling addiction, got too much money or you want to write a review warning ppl to stay away after 20 years of this misery. Now im gonna enjoy my 3cent stickers and sand dune skins. gg ez
god 
“Nice game”
nice
HI
ja ne kann man nichts falsch machen
dont buy premier unless you are very good  
destroyed my life :)
nice
OK
Ran into a cheater every other game and ranked me down twice on wingman 👍🏻 Don't recommend at all.
gambling addiction speedrun
very good game
Gud geim
very very perfect game
i like
g
monki teamamte
Fun
time most importanant but this game is west of time
its a realy fun game but why does the T's only have one tap ar and not CT's?
1111
good 
goated
 esbrggye       
ouch
)ж
good
Kimegyek midre porgoaimmal
good game
is good
Nice
as
i have tried my level best never ever got a single good drop in weekly
etsesd ni 1000 tsag tgllo
Peak, because I get to gamble and hear Mr. Bean scream about cheaters duing deathmatch
Seems to be infested with hackers nowadays
perfect!
full of hackers
good game 
Nie wiem co stwierdzić na początku cs2 było mega dużo cheaterow Tera już jest git ale trzeba mieć dużo determinacji i cierpliwości żeby ci się nie znudziła
เกมนี้เป็นอีกหนึ่งเกมที่ประทับใจมาก ทั้งในด้านตัวเกมและสังคมผู้เล่น ภายในเกมแทบไม่พบพฤติกรรม Toxic หรือการด่าทอกันเลย ทำให้บรรยากาศโดยรวมเป็นมิตรและเล่นได้อย่างสบายใจมาก ในส่วนของเกมเพลย์ก็ทำออกมาได้สนุก น่าติดตาม และมีความเพลิดเพลินตลอดการเล่น โดยรวมแล้วผมให้เกมนี้ 10/10 เลยครับ ตั้งแต่เล่นมายังไม่เจอผู้เล่น Toxic เลย ถือว่าเป็นประสบการณ์ที่ดีมากจริง ๆ
the best ever
peak
ist good 
good game
1
but cs2 is legend... best free game in the world
Best Game
cs2 bun
shooty shooty bang bang cooool
This game is awesome, but its RNG system definetly gives me a gambling problem..
W
cs is scam they put millions of bots playing so you think its the most played game but in reality no one is playng ts just the streamer puppies and money laundering farmers, cs source had many more players and relevance, ts will never be like 1.6, css or GO, the culture is over the competition is over, just like EA games they traded fair game and skill for battle pass and inclusion for ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to play burning amounts of cash, face bots now peek and pray cause skill doesnt matter in the money meta. NEVER cheated was banned and they dont even want to look at my prints as proof, why? lmao money baby shut every mouth open any legs buy anything.
its aight
op game 1000 times better than valorant
VAC is worse than European immigration policies. 800 million from purchases but can't make a working anti-cheat. Garbage.
Other than cheaters in premier its a good game
good 
:))))
full of fram bots
w game, as long as you can control recoil you'll get good in no time
penis
I rather have a ground clamp hook up on my left ballstack then play this game
Bring back the old reloading  the new one sucks  
kinda mid
///
very good
good
Good
very fun if you ignore the 30 year old divorced Russian men calling you racial slurs. over all great game would recommend
very nice i like
so good game when you are bored
best game to destroy me pc or talking  to russian guys
pls giveme a good knife skin 
love the packet loss :)
gg
a
.
its good
asd
Gud game, Found 15 russians arguing in deathmatch, 200 spinbotters per day, and a man trying to jump off the map every round on vertigo for fun, would recommend.
Fun
Very nice game after two weeks of playing im fluent in russian <3
прикольная но минус я стреляю в голову и не убиваю с авика 
good game make lots of money yes
Parempi ku dydy mut trust factor ei toimi kyllä
not bad but no good
Вполне хорошая игра, командной игры правда не совсем бывает, полякам отдельный привет
good game
hwyter76hydyydrhsrrshre676767676njg  hjtutfyyddddddddddddddddrdfyrgrf dri 8e e8er errrrrrrrrrrd7fyre   er  jien  e e8  ee 8crvrf d d   n  eudusehr
kinda hard for me 
good2
racist, loud, obnoxious, and disrespecful game full of a bunch of degens, 10/10 recommend to a little kid
fun
a crappy game
if you have not been playing for 15 years don't bother skill gap is unreal you'll need about 5 years of aim trainer just to log on
101 best way to learn more than one language
Best game with too many cheaters
منهو ذيه 
crazy game
Good game when you've got friends on your team. solo queue is a bit rough
Certainly one of the games ever made
I think I am actually addicted to this game, I love it!!
its ♥♥♥♥
nice
5555
♥♥♥♥♥♥ game
I wanna Rush B all the time
Best game love it!!!!!
Wow Valve awesome anti-cheat!
its very good game
best 
good game, racist players... i have assimilated... i must be angry at the bottom of the leaderboard... i must... slur... become one with the terrorists.... become one irl? No... I couldnt
GG only con anti cheat
YES YES I LOVE SUFFERING YES!!!!
MEOMWWWWWW
шойгу герасимов
Good Game, Need to buy Prime for ANTI Bot Matches, Russian Kids Blaming me for everything, Missing Easiest Shots, You can Gamble :) And you don't even realize you just wasted 8h of your Life while Playing (better then doomscrolling)  Very Good experience
Залупа полная
10/10
i love cases omg i love them and i spend all my money on them, when my kid is born with 2 iq i will call him "Tec-9 Slag"
Yaan nar
Playing this game is like having a toxic partner.  You love the game and you play it again and again while you know you probably will meet cheaters, even in premier. Its not just your opponents are toxic, the developers does not do much about banning cheaters. Not even anti cheat software being introduced.   In fact, A SO-CALLED-REALISTIC RELOAD is introduced, what the FISH. I guess they try to bribe the players by having drops every week to keep the game alive. Since case drop is now "valuable" than before. Please, do something with the dumbass cheaters. Asia servers are prone of it!  I end up loving Apex Legends where yes there are cheaters but it was manageable. This season, Breach, is good.   So to me, I only play CS2 because of my friends and I grew up playing CS 1.6. Other than that, FISH you. DEADAZZ GAME.
deagle in my hand go bang, brain go pop  
Love the game have been enjoying it, But the amount of cheaters just ruin it for me sadly.
its csgo  
Counter-Strike 2 Review: A Beautiful Upgrade Held Back by a Familiar Foe When Valve announced the transition from CS:GO to Counter-Strike 2, the expectations were monumental. CS:GO defined competitive shooters for a decade, and stepping into the Source 2 era was a necessary evolution. After spending countless hours in the new ecosystem, it is clear that CS2 is fundamentally a fantastic game, but it carries over some deeply frustrating legacy issues.  Visuals and Performance: The Source 2 Advantage The most immediate and striking change in CS2 is the visual overhaul. The Source 2 engine breathes new life into the franchise. Pushing the frames with a Ryzen 5 5600 and an RX 9060 XT, the game looks absolutely gorgeous while maintaining the high refresh rates essential for competitive play. The lighting overhauls on classic maps like Inferno and Overpass are stunning. Water physics, reflections, and material textures have all seen massive upgrades.  The biggest tactical shift comes from the new volumetric smokes. They interact with the environment naturally, expanding to fill spaces and reacting to gunfire and HE grenades. This single mechanic has completely refreshed site executions and defense strategies, adding a dynamic layer to a game we’ve known for years.  Gameplay, Mechanics, and The Economy At its core, the gunplay feels as satisfying and punishing as ever. The spray patterns, the crisp sound of a one-tap, and the intense pacing remain unmatched. Valve’s introduction of the sub-tick server architecture was intended to make movement and shooting feel perfectly synchronized. While it had a rocky start, it has steadily improved, making engagements feel responsive and sharp.  The skin ecosystem, a massive pillar of the Counter-Strike experience, also transitioned flawlessly. For those of us deeply invested in the market—whether it's trading, building personal collections, or running a dedicated skin store—seeing the inventories updated with the new lighting engine is a huge plus. The skins simply pop more now, preserving the vibrant economy that surrounds the game.  The Elephant in the Room: The Cheating Epidemic Despite all the mechanical and visual praises I can sing about CS2, there is a glaring issue that actively ruins the experience: cheaters.  While the game itself is beautifully crafted, the matchmaking experience, particularly in Premier mode, is currently in a dismal state. Valve’s anti-cheat system, VAC Live, simply does not feel adequate. Hitting higher ELO brackets currently feels like a coin toss on whether you will face a legitimate team or someone blatantly tracking through walls and aimbotting. It is incredibly demoralizing to invest time into mastering the game's mechanics, only to lose points to software. Until Valve implements a more intrusive or simply more effective anti-cheat solution, the competitive integrity of CS2 will remain severely compromised.  The Verdict Counter-Strike 2 is, without a doubt, a great game. It successfully modernizes a legendary formula without losing its soul. The graphics are sharp, the updated mechanics are deeply engaging, and the foundation is solid. However, a competitive shooter is only as good as its competitive integrity.  Pros:  Stunning visual upgrades and lighting via the Source 2 engine.  Game-changing volumetric smoke mechanics.  The core gunplay remains the best in the FPS genre.  Skins and the economy look better than ever.  Cons:  An overwhelming and unacceptable number of cheaters in matchmaking.  Sub-tick system still feels slightly inconsistent at times compared to native 128-tick.  Final Score: 7.5/10 (Would be a 9/10 if the cheating issue was resolved).
gud gemm
So I've been playing CS for a good while now and this latest change is just stupid. "We want to make reloading more impactful!" The ****? Who asked for this, I know I sure as hell didn't. How about you guys make ADS a thing and come back to this. Maybe stop trying to make CS like every other shooter and keep it the way it is. The recipe works? Why change it?
Its good game but if your temates are cheating anit cheats get you vac banne So Valve fix your anti cheat 
I've been playing this game since 2001.
gold gold gold
Great game, i love gambling.
I honestly don't know why it took me so long to finally jump into this game, but I’ve been having a blast. There’s a certain kind of rush you get from the tactical depth and the high-stakes gunplay that you just don't find elsewhere. Looking at the community and the depth of the mechanics, I really wish I’d started a long time ago to see the evolution firsthand, but I'm still glad to be here. Whether it be the hype of a successful site retake or the satisfaction of mastering a new smoke lineup, the game has a way of keeping you sucking on it's titty. If you’re on the fence like I was, don’t hesitate to hop in and sh*t on some kids. Some say devil's lettuce is bad for ya but these cases are the real devil's product here.
mi bombo
THANK YOU SO MUCH VALVE FOR THIS GAME. It helps me having fun and also helps getting other game's as well. Thank You so much you guys are the best  :D
meh
Greatest video game of all time
i like being lacist to ppl on this game  edit: asia servers = ccp chinaCHlNK dog eating TEMU factory players + slavmonkeys. thats it.
im a retarded gay ♥♥♥♥♥♥
if you value your sanity do not download
s
Super Good, I like this game! 
very good game i would prefer to fist myself up the ass and then clap my hands for days instead of playing this everyday
Best comp game ever but so many hackers :(
I used to like this game  Then it turned into Valorant  Get rid of this ♥♥♥♥ and bring back CSGO thanks Gaben.
this game has turned me into a gambling addict. i cannot take it anymore
GOLD GOLD GOLD GOLD
Best of the best
Nice Game
I hate this game
fun  
im like donk
YES 
save yourself from this community
4kt
XOXXXX 
good game
ready to ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ suffer again
Good
i play konterstrik
ns
trash game
They have just added too many unnececary updates. Removing the ability to see damage dealt in competitive is stupid, the ammo update completely kills the classic counter strike expierience, and solo que makes you want to curl up on the floor and dial 911. Valve, at the very least please revert ammo back to the way it once was.
can we change the flash color to just black, its the same you get blinded you see nothing when its white, make it black its the same less the eye blinding freaking white screen.
...
csgo was better
ak=terroist i like
Classic game 10/10  improves your ragebait sense
its just the best idk
great game of all the time 
this game made me realize that I can hate my life but still hate playing this game more than anything 10/10 game must try
Ultimate Gaming Experience in Toxicity
great game
infested with cheaters, absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
great
Good, feels nice but cheaters and smurfs can kill themselves unless its a rank up game for a new account for premire ig
i accidently flashbanged myself
gameplay sucks and anti-cheat is non-existent. s/o damage prediction. bring back 64 tick
intesting game and playing style not for me though
Matchmaking is absolute garbage. if you're solo queing you are better off punching yourself in the ♥♥♥♥ for 30 mins.
u guys have my permisission to play this
This is the only shooter game i have ever played in my life where bullets dont go where you are aiming. instead in a random direction anywhere else other than where you are aiming. it is trash.
juu
Gun go bang bang.
After the implementation of the new ammo system, I don't recommend this game at all. If you want the last traditional CS experience, download CS:GO off the Steam Store
d
W game
ded game cheaters game
so far so good.. idk.. i love Delta Force more
لعبة خرا 
ass game cant stop playing
asad
Cheater heaven, even with prime! Only for 15 bucks you can enjoy the experience of getting blatant wall hackers, and Russians trolling your game! Top 10000 players are mostly cheaters playing low elo like 0-20k wont save you either, youd actually be lucky to be in the 10k rating because thats the sweet spot of not getting blatant cheaters
its so nice game
Best slurs dictionary
not to bad at all
))
I would like to have my game back and not be a slave to anyone's ai! Greedy losers ruins everything  RIP   where's dima?
cheaters all over the game
veri good game with friendly community 
Counter_Strike has always been here, and always will
fun
W
good if ur capable of rl ♥♥♥♥
affffffffffffffffffffff
this game is horrible i hate cs2 i hate the mag update i hate this game i hate this game i hate this game i hate this game
buns
asik bisa beli game gratis dari sini hwhw
Realistic looking game with cartoon bullet system.
John Counterstrike
so addictive
p
This is Valve? No thanks. Also I played CS:GO for 120 something hours. This I only played a few matches of. Classy Valve.
i love going bankrupt to gaben. you should too.
i like cs2 
it's a good game but also it's bad game
Why is there PVP on my gambling game
fun game woohoo
worst game ive ever played  id spend my life savings on the cases if i could though
one of the greatest shooters of all time
Very good game if you hate yourself 10/10 would recommend for suicidal people
if valve ban the repporting cheater
its fun + cases
great game!
the best competitive game
Runs relatively well definitely been improved on the optimization NEED better anticheat though
not a fan.
Recommended!
This game may even out live you and me.
Mid
Get raped by big dih monster hackers
заебися
it is tjj  best ha,r ebrar23q
itsaa not a 2 good, not a 2 shiz. 
good
yes
yay
dgunj0iudsmSA)Ienf
Biggest pile of garbage Ive ever played  
Love
gug
not awesome
cyka 
ttooo much moneky on cases, espensive, way to espensive
<3
0.9 Was better. Gogo Assault.
good
jocul puli plin de codati
1
good game takes time
super duper!!! i like men!
Amazing game, but not as good as cs 1.6
I hate CT side
-
smelly players fr fr :-(
mew=ow 
Good
Good Yeah
nice game
Gun shoot. Me like.
aaaaaaaaa
Muito bom esse jogo, legal demais 🤩 .
Foarte tare pana dai de rusi
great game
not bad
yup
the best game
very good game
Big step up compared to classic CS. Graphical jump is unmatched. Fun game to kill some free time in between, but don't take it _too seriously_ or otherwise you'll become a rageaholic.
ligma
very sigma
i dont but play that much of ranked, but there is this one ranked match that i still remember to this day and its not because i got a ace or any of that, matter of fact i lost that match and i did pretty horribly. but the reason why i remember this match is because of some european guy that i played with, he would trash talk everybody in the team even though he was just as bad as we were in that match, but midway through the game some girl starts talking in the mic and all of the sudden the guy who was trash talking to everyone in the team had a neuron activation as if he was a caveman who discovered fire, i kid you not this guy dropped all of his weapons for her and he told her that he will buy her anything from the buy menu (btw he was trashtalking to her a minute before she opened her mic).  overall this game is pretty good i guess.
u
prefiero contraer sida a jugar esta wea
ddad
Super mid cuz valve is super expensive he wants money. But i like it cuz i got prime.
>be ♥♥♥♥ at the game >get russians to kick u out every match >silver 1 on mirage >forgot you didnt take ur meds in 4 days >took them and could focus instantly >carry a comp game >get called a noob and a cheater >quit >repeat in 4 months
bad
:drools:
nice
I like the shooting, but I don't like how the servers often have stutter or jitter lag every few rounds or so. I think cheaters are still a big problem, but that exist in every game besides ones that have kernel access AC.   I think you should give it a try regardless of these negatives as these are just 1-5% of your experience overall. Wish we had CS:GO infrastructure again. #CommunityServers.
I enjoy shooting games and this is an all time favorite of mine. This was one of the two games I first started playing when I entered the gaming circle. Not all games are great, however, with the right people, this is fun!
its funnn
nice game
67
epic sauce
Lowk miss CSGO tho
I shoot with awp and i hear sound but notting happend 
GOAT
Someone says people always change only csgo people more than 20 years they still playing it my dad always bothering me to play with him
What in the fwak were you thinking with this ammo update? I've played since source on 4 accounts over decades while riddled with ADHD. I've reloaded after every shot for YEARS cuz my goofy ahh can't help it. Now I'm going to peak once and be out of ammo. But hey, even out of ammo at least I can check out THE NEW UPDATED GRAPHICS. As if cheating was the biggest problem, the real problem is NOT ENOUGH PIXELS AND SUN RAYS. 1000s of hours across accounts just to get rode by Gaben into the sunset.
no matter how much you put time on this you can`t grow in ranks because all the hacks around, wall hack, radar hacks and in the end of the match the hackers be like "see you next time guys".
The game might look alright, but it only looks that way. Never are you sure that enemy are not using cheats. Premier points are terrible, as you can win 5 in a row and only takes 1 loss of (nobody cares) team to get you where you start from... I think this game could do better, considering all the money (from skins and loots) it gets.
Game would be awesome if they didn't have such horrendous matchmaking/anti cheat. Makes the game otherwise unplayable.
volvo fix game trash team
People don't realize this is my alt and i get called a cheater ALOT, its fun to see grown men cry in game chat because their are being destroyed by an 17yo.
Jumping for joy is only for geniuses.
super
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
fun yessir
Best game ever but also the worst
Great game i love 
very fun but very competitive i would also suggest you to get cs prime for 15 dollars
The sound of accept button in paying premier drives me crazy.
j
Very good game if you want your ears destroyed by random russians at 3am
Good game but lots of cheaters.. like lots
The base game is overall good (although im not sure anymore with this different reload system update), and the grenades and utility are the best cs has ever gotten for sure. But i really miss the old custom maps and content for source. Source had like 4 games in one, this game has 1 game in 1, which is fair but still sucks.
/..
very cool but im bad at it
gold gold gold
i love this gam,e like its actually so fun but it hard
very fun
nice game but needs a lot of practice
the best game
gg
Good game      
yeah its cool
favorite fps

yes
Best game in the world ngl
dont 
best game
u don't need this 
russian citizenship test
retarded team8s its kinda funny ngl
gold gold gold
yes
I like when I click heads and it goes *dink*
Amazing, wasted my life
Worst game i have ever played, yet have i bought over 15 cases and broken several devices and raiged so hard ive losty my computer twice. Recommend it:)
the new ammo update sucks ahh
Good game but new update sucks
game is ♥♥♥♥
Im not even kidding i learned Russian while playing this game.
Last update... ♥♥♥♥.. tbh imma stop playing.. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ update valve.. you ruined a game 
huynya
my favorite moment was when a alcaholic told me dating advice.
Gran juego, sigan así desde el 1.6 y el GO solo pongan los mapas del 1.6 como 747 o asault, después GODstrike nunca morirá y los hijos de mis hijos seguirán jugando esto. GAAAAAAAA
dont play this
nice
gg
Don't play this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ass game. It's not good.It crashes all the time and black screens any time i open it. very badly optimized.
verry good game verry bad russians
nnn
trop de russe mais meilleur jeu du monde j'ai suste perdu 500 
f cheaters
A game where you can meet cheaters, racists, drug dealers, criminals.  But you still can't meet up with a girl in real life.  10/10  Would play again
Epic game but so many cheaters Hope valve fix this problem🙏
good
fun game
tight tight tight yea....^Tuco Salamanca^
good
Very good game, some russian dude kissed me on the forehead and played cards later.
It's interesting now
here goes my life...
It's alright I guess.
nice game!
Bank took my car, my wife left me and my dog died... But i still got cs
good game 
It depends If I am playing with the lobotom #Kakao Mates or not but mostly good time spend.  
volvo why ban.fix game.(twerking for every 1k steam points)
I am depressed, watch demo
garbage over rated game
.
gg
e
good game za duzo toxic rusków ale jest g
My all time favorite, just ruined by Valve's greed and cheaters.
not a bad game + valo sucks
piece of ♥♥♥♥ game btw but still playin it until my liver dies cuz of the whiskey
Lobotomia simulator + jonku sorttinen viirus
great russian learning app great game garbage anticheat
Very good and funny game, I love it!
Every game has at least one cheater in it its unplayable
тильт
Wayyy too many cheaters, if you haven’t played any fps games before this please don’t play this as your first, also if you don’t plan on spending 12 euro for prime be ready for a lot of cheaters otherwise a very good game
sAW

good game
is juhu
дерьмо которое не регает, токсичное комьюнити и ноль античита! А теперь к минусам:Скины
Peak
pierdole ta gre nienawidze jej zniszczyla mi zycie pzdr
I don't like this game. It makes me lose all my money :thumsdown: Please refund me 10k$
ALOT ALOT ALOT OF CHEATER  
TOO MANY CHEATERS
cheaters are ruining the game
During my very first game, my team mate called me autistic and begged me to kill myself because I'm a noob. :) Such fun! Big Wow!
gambling   🤤🤤🤤
huj 
Ja volim drkat
Addicted, PLEASE HELP ME
I like 1 taps. yippieeee
best game
i play this game becouse jaxi
https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197988627193/inventory/#730_2_573158377 https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197988627193/inventory/#730_2_3236209559 https://steamcommunity.com/id/kennyS-/inventory/#730_2_4168219401 https://steamcommunity.com/id/ohnePixel/inventory/#730_2_42317098995
Gut man
nice
nice game
YES
UwU 
gud
yfd7 3ard al cheaters
full of cheaters 
cool
.
sranje
open cases best tip somebody is gonna give you!
best game
I like this game. some time my game is drop fps and auto be fixed that 
1 
in cs go cases drops every day once  in cs 2 cases drops every week cs go better then cs 2, because i'm playing every time only for case drop every week and always feeling that i'm not playing to much. Cases are motivates me.
Game is very good i retunred recently and i love it
best game ever
like it but cheaters a problem
very fun plz fix hackers and plz add cobble and cache valve!
g
this game for PRO gamers
meh
cheaters everywhere:  Wall-hack aim-hack fps drops when enemy is in front of you another legal hack u can use  anti-cheats when?!?! or at least get overwatch back XD
headshot doesnt register then i get sniped across the map in the head by an ak
cheating simulator game need anti cheat
fq 
wow
dont know why i never bother  not to write  a review for this but now with this update i think is time so the new mag sytstem ruined the game so for me is a no
   I installed Counter-Strike 2 thinking I would have a fun competitive shooter experience. What I actually installed was a psychological experiment designed by Valve to test how much emotional damage a human can take before uninstalling.  First game: I spawn in, feeling confident. I bought armor, an AK, and the strongest weapon in the game — optimism. Within 7 seconds a guy named **“xX_toaster_destroyer_2009_Xx”** one-tapped me through a smoke, through a wall, through my hopes and dreams.  My teammates? Absolute legends. One guy is playing on a laptop from 2007 at 12 FPS. Another is screaming into his microphone in what sounds like a jet engine factory. The third teammate hasn’t moved since round 2 but occasionally types “ez” in chat.  Then there’s the economy system. I lose 3 rounds and suddenly my options are: • Pistol • Slightly better pistol • A flashbang and faith  Meanwhile the enemy team is running around with AWPs like they’re sponsored by the Swiss banking system.  The matchmaking is also incredible. One game you’re fighting someone who installed the game 14 minutes ago and doesn’t know how to plant the bomb. The next game you’re playing against someone who clearly trained with Navy SEALs and can flick-shot a mosquito across the map.  Let’s talk about the smoke grenades. In CS2 they’re realistic now, which means the enemy can see perfectly through them while I somehow flashbang myself, my team, and my ancestors.  Also I love how every match starts the same way: “Hello team” No response Round 2: someone yells in Russian Round 4: two teammates are arguing about politics Round 7: one guy abandons Round 10: we’re somehow winning  And yet… somehow… I keep playing.  Because every once in a while you hit that perfect one-tap. The crowd goes wild (by crowd I mean your one teammate who says “nice”). For 3 seconds you feel like a professional esports player.  Then next round you miss an entire magazine on a guy standing still.  10/10 game. Would get emotionally destroyed again.     
Cant get enough of it. sometimes very annoying with all the cheaters but its fine 
нормалды
full cheaters 
Really good game
This game is bad, only cheaters u cant play this game, poor anticheat !
just dont bro 
ggg
Best FPS
بثسثبثبصثب
I like this game
Great game. Toxic players.
GOOD GAME
awesome!
https://steamcommunity.com/id/karrigancsgo/inventory/#730_2_25795405078 https://steamcommunity.com/id/ohnePixel/inventory/#730_2_42317098995 https://steamcommunity.com/id/karrigancsgo/inventory/#730_2_28880278761
ywas
best game
Gun go pew pew
gggg
W game
m am basit
great
kkt
better than sex
its aright
one of the best games out there
Bro im ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ murder everybody this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game is so good
Best FPS GAME
LIKE
Поляки хуесосы
good
good
am better 
no
 very good but  very   very  hard 
Full of cheaters and bots I dont recommend spending a penny on this game
good
good
so many cheaters, gaben wtf.
They removed CS:GO for this and didn't refund me for the game I actually bought.
good blyat
GOLD GOLD GOLD
gūd geim
ye
don't recommend it
GG
good game whit cheaters 
like
fun :)
...
Best game
Please volvo ban hackers!
peak
I LOVE GABEN AND HIS BEUTIFUL CREATION RAHHHHH CS2 CS2 CS2!!!!!
simic lazar
1st bad thing, i would say its the matching system , i am matched with people that have a lot of hours in the game , i am just a new player , and my experience in the game its low , it is not a pleasant experience for me if i dont enjoy the game . 2nd bad thing would be that having a new account , and low trust factor i am matched with cheaters A LOT
2A 4B
10/10 game  • this game is infested with cheaters and case farm bots • you miss the easiest shots • teammates blame you • you hit the most impossible ones • enemies call you cheater   I hate this game.  See you tomorrow.
yesssssssssss
>__ <
Where is gameplay?
☕i like🍁Toast🍞🍂
Nice don't play it
MID!
good game sometimes
a very good game if you u want to be cursed at in russian and killed by a cracked 9-10 year old
gppy-78=rfggli.m'kklgfjrjzlsssglyyy1000
counter cheat 2
Infested with cheaters, steam should ban people who cheat, i mean ban them from steam instead of giving them vac ban. ban them by ip from steam.
very good game expect russians
i play, i die i play more, still die 10/10 reccomend
♥♥♥♥ that ♥♥♥♥ game
very good game gave me depression!
Perfect Money Cemetery
gggg
GRRRR GAMBLING GRRRR
NICE GAME   
its so nice and funny  
i like this game SOOOO much 
EZ
Impressive
DONT DO IT ITS NOT WORTH
even tho i hate how my tm8 are braindead but this game is nice
CS2 good game  
do not buy or download this game for your own sake!
best game ever 
Im actual able to use my gun unlike valorant
almost out of beta
Great game to learn how to argue (would help Charlie Kirk)
XD
Meh
peak
yes its good
yep yep
yes
Best game ever!
♥♥♥♥♥♥s 
+++
noice game
good 
painful but im addicted
хорошая игннп
volvo fix your game
True Peak
good game, sometimes get low fps even though i have all the settings on low, bring back csgo.
Good game
no
very fun
Heck yeah love the cheaters in this game
good game many rusians
.
...
language learning game
Those who play correctly get banned, there are still many who use bots and AI. There are still a lot of cheaters
dont waste ur youth, do something better
Led to a complete loss of self-respect. 9.7/10.
Good game but a lot of cheaters (
Game ages like a fine wine, sometimes its bitter but then I come back to it and it rules.
Very good money farming. Just buy the prime and you get weekly rewards that you can sell or gamble. Also very good game
Volvo is the best
global offensive better
a
Beste Game ever !
best game ever
Very fun game and good
Best Game
this game is FULL of cheaters, and if you troll them or do anything to make the game less enjoyable for them, YOU are getting banned. This is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ joke, this game should be dead long time ago 
full of russian racist i like it 
Копия стандофф 2
good 
Amazing and addictive game, perfect for relaxing… until you start playing...
My other accounts have got VAC banned for playing deathmatch mode.
[spoiler] :) [/spoiler]
<3
got molested by a thick goth e girl
This game is great it tought me many racial slurs I didn't know and i can now speak fluent russian i recommend this game.And i love this great anticheat.
no 
...
RUN, DONT RUN, RUN, DONT RUN, RUN
If you want to commit suicide play cs, if you want to learn rusian play cs, If you want drugs play cs. 10/10
The game is good, but the Anti-cheat is total disaster, this type of " no one cares about cheaters " in a game has to be studied
bunu yazan tosun okuyana koysun :D
ce joc tare wow
nice
very good but have a lot of cheater
holy crap best game ever 
Love this game
love
alex you suck
The Legend  
very fun but adicting 
Wtf is this new ammo update
Flash Bang
Круто
странная игра,♥♥♥♥♥
Hacker Strike: 2
good
VERY ♥♥♥♥ OPTIMISED GAME
gg
Really Good Game
This game made my life Better
Отличный проект, затянул надолго!
Good Good 
drtdr 
Very good game if you are braindead or want to become an absolute wife abuser because of the amount of raging that you will have, that your team is full of Russians and one will tell you that he had his ways with your mother when he is 12 years old. Big recommend:)
Valve! Shame on you, guys. You can't control a behaviour of the game you created. Every match is full of cheaters 
good
good game
in deathmatch only bots farming cases impossible to play . valve do something
szar
I'm never getting my money back
why to much cheater???
too many cheaters
more cheaters than tinder
good game 
сукі верніть перезарядку
Was horrible at CS  Now more horrible at CS2 But when it comes to play with teammates or competitive,EVEN MORE HORRIBLE. Would absolutely recommend this game.   10/10
i wish i killed myself instead of buying this trash
If you like gambling, sure. If you like gameplay, nah.
Игра говно, не затянуло
Community servers are better than matchmaking.
very fun game love the free cases
Love and hate, you will come back no matter what.
GAMES THAT FILL EGO.
Not beginner friendly, community is toxic and everyone is "smurfing" and cheating, like go play premier dude omg Plus: WHY THE HELL IT TAKE SO LONG TO UNLOCK PREMIER I HAVE TO KEEP PLAYING WITH THESE ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ PLAYERS FOR 3 MORE WEEKS AT LEAST
good game
volvo anti cheat is good  like  me in  science.GAME IS SH1T. I GET BANNED FOR KICKING TOXIC TEAMATES AND I GET ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ COMPETITIVE COOLDOWN FOR 24H.AND THEN I NEXT DAY 1 ROUND I PLAY AGAIN TOXIC GUY WE KICKED HIM 1ST ROUND.AND I GET  7 DAYS COMP COOLDOWN.VOLVO KILLYOURSELF HOPE YOUR  KIDS GET BONE CANCER ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥
gg
♥♥♥♥ servers,♥♥♥♥ game,♥♥♥♥ teammates,everything abt this is a shame for cs
Pretty solid game if you enjoy loading up and going against a Chud that loves cheating!
I dont understand whats the point in cases? its double jeopardy, you have to pay for the chance to receive something good, god forbid you do because you will have to pay full price for that super rare skin :3 that 1k$ skin? you have to pay valve 1k
yes just like this but, uh...
.
GREAT
yes
Couple wizards but not that bad
good 
only edsot
aura
According to all known laws of aviation, there is no way a bee should be able to fly. Its wings are too small to get its fat little body off the ground. The bee, of course, flies anyway because bees don't care what humans think is impossible. Yellow, black. Yellow, black. Yellow, black. Yellow, black. Ooh, black and yellow! Let's shake it up a little. Barry! Breakfast is ready! Ooming! Hang on a second. Hello? - Barry? - Adam? - Oan you believe this is happening? - I can't. I'll pick you up. Looking sharp. Use the stairs. Your father paid good money for those. Sorry. I'm excited. Here's the graduate. We're very proud of you, son. A perfect report card, all B's. Very proud. Ma! I got a thing going here. - You got lint on your fuzz. - Ow! That's me! - Wave to us! We'll be in row 118,000. - Bye! Barry, I told you, stop flying in the house! - Hey, Adam. - Hey, Barry. - Is that fuzz gel? - A little. Special day, graduation. Never thought I'd make it. Three days grade school, three days high school. Those were awkward. Three days college. I'm glad I took a day and hitchhiked around the hive. You did come back different. - Hi, Barry. - Artie, growing a mustache? Looks good. - Hear about Frankie? - Yeah. - You going to the funeral? - No, I'm not going. Everybody knows, sting someone, you die. Don't waste it on a squirrel. Such a hothead. I guess he could have just gotten out of the way. I love this incorporating an amusement park into our day. That's why we don't need vacations. Boy, quite a bit of pomp... under the circumstances. - Well, Adam, today we are men. - We are! - Bee-men. - Amen! Hallelujah! Students, faculty, distinguished bees, please welcome Dean Buzzwell. Welcome, New Hive Oity graduating class of... ...9:15. That concludes our ceremonies. And begins your career at Honex Industries! Will we pick ourjob today? I heard it's just orientation. Heads up! Here we go. Keep your hands and antennas inside the tram at all times. - Wonder what it'll be like? - A little scary. Welcome to Honex, a division of Honesco and a part of the Hexagon Group. This is it! Wow. Wow. We know that you, as a bee, have worked your whole life to get to the point where you can work for your whole life. Honey begins when our valiant Pollen Jocks bring the nectar to the hive. Our top-secret formula is automatically color-corrected, scent-adjusted and bubble-contoured into this soothing sweet syrup with its distinctive golden glow you know as... Honey! - That girl was hot. - She's my cousin! - She is? - Yes, we're all cousins. - Right. You're right. - At Honex, we constantly strive to improve every aspect of bee existence. These bees are stress-testing a new helmet technology. - What do you think he makes? - Not enough. Here we have our latest advancement, the Krelman. - What does that do? - Oatches that little strand of honey that hangs after you pour it. Saves us millions. Oan anyone work on the Krelman? Of course. Most bee jobs are small ones. But bees know that every small job, if it's done well, means a lot. But choose carefully because you'll stay in the job you pick for the rest of your life. The same job the rest of your life? I didn't know that. What's the difference? You'll be happy to know that bees, as a species, haven't had one day off in 27 million years. So you'll just work us to death? We'll sure try. Wow! That blew my mind! "What's the difference?" How can you say that? One job forever? That's an insane choice to have to make. I'm relieved. Now we only have to make one decision in life. But, Adam, how could they never have told us that? Why would you question anything? We're bees. We're the most perfectly functioning society on Earth. You ever think maybe things work a little too well here? Like what? Give me one example. I don't know. But you know what I'm talking about. Please clear the gate. Royal Nectar Force on approach. Wait a second. Oheck it out. - Hey, those are Pollen Jocks! - Wow. I've never seen them this close. They know what it's like outside the hive. Yeah, but some don't come back. - Hey, Jocks! - Hi, Jocks! You guys did great! You're monsters! You're sky freaks! I love it! I love it! - I wonder where they were. - I don't know. Their day's not planned. Outside the hive, flying who knows where, doing who knows what. You can'tjust decide to be a Pollen Jock. You have to be bred for that. Right. Look. That's more pollen than you and I will see in a lifetime. It's just a status symbol. Bees make too much of it. Perhaps. Unless you're wearing it and the ladies see you wearing it. Those ladies? Aren't they our cousins too? Distant. Distant. Look at these two. - Oouple of Hive Harrys. - Let's have fun with them. It must be dangerous being a Pollen Jock. Yeah. Once a bear pinned me against a mushroom! He had a paw on my throat, and with the other, he was slapping me! - Oh, my! - I never thought I'd knock him out. What were you doing during this? Trying to alert the authorities. I can autograph that. A little gusty out there today, wasn't it, comrades? Yeah. Gusty. We're hitting a sunflower patch six miles from here tomorrow. - Six miles, huh? - Barry! A puddle jump for us, but maybe you're not up for it. - Maybe I am. - You are not! We're going 0900 at J-Gate. What do you think, buzzy-boy? Are you bee enough? I might be. It all depends on what 0900 means. Hey, Honex! Dad, you surprised me. You decide what you're interested in? - Well, there's a lot of choices. - But you only get one. Do you ever get bored doing the same job every day? Son, let me tell you about stirring. You grab that stick, and you just move it around, and you stir it around. You get yourself into a rhythm. It's a beautiful thing. You know, Dad, the more I think about it, maybe the honey field just isn't right for me. You were thinking of what, making balloon animals? That's a bad job for a guy with a stinger. Janet, your son's not sure he wants to go into honey! - Barry, you are so funny sometimes. - I'm not trying to be funny. You're not funny! You're going into honey. Our son, the stirrer! - You're gonna be a stirrer? - No one's listening to me! Wait till you see the sticks I have. I could say anything right now. I'm gonna get an ant tattoo! Let's open some honey and celebrate! Maybe I'll pierce my thorax. Shave my antennae. Shack up with a grasshopper. Get a gold tooth and call everybody "dawg"! I'm so proud. - We're starting work today! - Today's the day. Oome on! All the good jobs will be gone. Yeah, right. Pollen counting, stunt bee, pouring, stirrer, front desk, hair removal... - Is it still available? - Hang on. Two left! One of them's yours! Oongratulations! Step to the side. - What'd you get? - Picking crud out. Stellar! Wow! Oouple of newbies? Yes, sir! Our first day! We are ready! Make your choice. - You want to go first? - No, you go. Oh, my. What's available? Restroom attendant's open, not for the reason you think. - Any chance of getting the Krelman? - Sure, you're on. I'm sorry, the Krelman just closed out. Wax monkey's always open. The Krelman opened up again. What happened? A bee died. Makes an opening. See? He's dead. Another dead one. Deady. Deadified. Two more dead. Dead from the neck up. Dead from the neck down. That's life! Oh, this is so hard! Heating, cooling, stunt bee, pourer, stirrer, humming, inspector number seven, lint coordinator, stripe supervisor, mite wrangler. Barry, what do you think I should... Barry? Barry! All right, we've got the sunflower patch in quadrant nine... What happened to you? Where are you? - I'm going out. - Out? Out where? - Out there. - Oh, no! I have to, before I go to work for the rest of my life. You're gonna die! You're crazy! Hello? Another call coming in. If anyone's feeling brave, there's a Korean deli on 83rd that gets their roses today. Hey, guys. - Look at that. - Isn't that the kid we saw yesterday? Hold it, son, flight deck's restricted. It's OK, Lou. We're gonna take him up. Really? Feeling lucky, are you? Sign her
Completely run by hackers and gambling websites. Steam no longer has control of this game. They should be ashamed of themselves, but yet they aren't. What a shocker. And more to the point, what in the absolute ♥♥♥♥ did you do to the buy menu in-game? Inexcusable.
I love russians and cheaters, highly recommend
Landing the some of the nastiest shot of your life to making the enemy call you a cheater  Greatest feeling ever  (pls tho valve get rid of actual cheaters thx)
дикий восторг от зарабатывания в данной компютерной игрушке
love this game fire
.
Good game, and nice skins
Good Aids
Good
one of the games of all time
оо
to much cheater
jhk
good game
cheat gg
gud
67
gg
The worst overrated cancer ever
Игра классная
Great
LK
cool 
Oceania 10k is equivalent to 17-18k Asian/NA servers. That is the cold hard truth, I am an average player but after watching some 20k North American games i feel good about my country all being cracked high IQ gamers.
WaZaa
TO MANY CHEATERS ON PREMEIR  FACEIT
fortnite
is gud
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game freeze
playing since i was 10 
good game
just this sttrest factory
amazing
GOODGAME
so many griefers in Silver 1 : ( very welcoming for new players like me
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on ranks under 10k impossible to push unfair matchmaking
Very very good gameyyy
.
Good game!
.
n1 game 
china cs better
fun nice very kind people             (⊙＿⊙)
nice shooter game
super fun until a russian said he had my ip address and than contuined to name every one of my family members names and addresses. overall 10/10 game slightly made my gambaling addictian worse
Why change the reload system when nobody asked...
W
This is the goat of all shooter games out there.
My menthal health went to ♥♥♥♥ but gotta love the game <3
OG
good good
dumbass game good casino
My favorite game on steam.
THE GMA IS GOOD  AND IT HAVE BEEN ENTERTAIN ME
Garbage game idk what the f valve is doing
iS gUD
gt
fef

game
cheating scum
I suck. It’s fun
broken game, don't play it
its counter strike bro..
best game in history
👍
Skibidi toilet
it was goood
GGOD
Very fun, click heads, get kills
-You enter game -You press play -9/10 resets  -You load in -There is russian man screaming in your eardrums -You play with braindead people   10/10 game recommend if your over 40 and want to spend your kids collage funds.
very cool
BAX
Cool game
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game bro, Makes me feel like Ted Kaczynski after I play it.
its good in the worst way posible, its like playing runescape. you cant get enough  
bad copy of valorant but at least its fun to play
nice
love this game but it sucks dont play if u like bad games
Spend your life saving for skins that are a fraction of what you paid for them W game!!
Coo
This game is very good. I get called the n-word and getting death threats to me in every single european language ever. 10/10 best experience for the family
Would still be the best  and most fun competitive FPS game if it weren't for the cheaters. going back and forth 23-24k premier because 95% of matches have cheaters just spoiling the games in the server and take note, some of them have skins on them which is crazy! Uninstalled the game for now. Valve please invest in a better anti-cheat!
easy way to train to become jihadist
Lot of cheaters.
i like this game becuase
yea why? oh yeah alr. omm fr fr
many russians
I LOVE THIS GAME ( i don't ) i just want a knife
bought Prime and still get matched with obvious WH'ers who dont event try to hide...wish i could still refund
Awesome game!!!
I assume it has matchmaking its just not working at all. Most matches are 13-5. Also thanks for the reload change made uninstalling for good easier.
wybitne gówno
a
i like this
i molly a, awp snipe me
норм
My Experience and My Rating to this game as New Player:  1. I'm always hop in to the Chinese server 2. Noob enemies call me a Cheater, i mean i'm just done warmup 3. Teammate blame you beacause MISSCLICK utility or something else 4. Love Russian player ❤️ 5. The AMMO...  I hate this fckng game but this soo Addicted..  10/10
competitive fps
I don't recommend anyone waste their time on this retarded, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI farming simulator.  From what I understand, Valve doesn't care  now about their game and they are becoming one of those retarded companies like Activision, NCSOFT, etc. who only care about money and don't care about their games and what happens to them.  Jumped in one of my beloved childhood games, played for about 1 hour and it was unplayable because you were being farmed by AI BOTS, who probably use AIMBOT and WH because they instantly kill you in the head 9/10 times.
you can't get a game without cheaters in 2026 :=)
nice game cs 
every win it ranks you up but takes some of your mentality every loss it lowers your rank and your IQ
great game! My bullets are not registering and going straight thru the body. ahh yes valve remove a door instead of actualy fixing your game genieuses. The people playing this game are mentaly chalenged, blocking me, saying random slurs, reporting me for no reason and then i get baned for doing nothing and they dont even get a warning.  just to add i carry allmost every game i play on premier and these are the teamates i get. Anti cheat is also super good, in 10k lobby we are playing against 6k players that play like faceit lvl 10 because your anti cheat is very good Valve. fak you valve, fak your name, fak your game, fak your milions, fak your bilions 
unbearable amount of cheaters, fix your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game
para yok abi
Безе классическое Простой рецепт классического безе из яичных белков и сахара с добавлением лимонного сока. Идеальный десерт к чаепитию. Ингредиенты Яичные белки - 3 шт.  Сахарная пудра - 180 г  Лимонный сок - 1 ч.л.
Great game!
it's okay. not as good as CSGO tho. gold gold gold
best game ever!
Игры для секса замечательная
this is a great game
I have yet to be called a racial slur, nor any toxicity. What happened?
Nice Game
Relaxing game
Why go casino when you got CS2
veryyyyyyyyyyyy good game 
i love it and hate it at the same time
A polished update of the classic formula. Some bugs and matchmaking issues remain, but it’s still one of the best competitive FPS games.
niveecc
i love the game i wish i could be pro 
fun
alkaa kait se vituttaa ku ryssä antaa luisussa päähä
Gabe Newell is a god among men 
I have opened multiple cases in this game only to be awarded with giant piles of iguana scat. This game makes me feel like tearing of my skin and suffocating somebody.
Bangy Bangy
good game toooo much racist and hkers
GUN GO BRRR
yes
bad
ddwwd
Inspirational
What a game this one is! I love it! Really skilled players nowadays!
blah blah blah so many skins
I rather play csgo with bots then this game that has less sever tick than a minecraft 
would recommend
Trsh game with cheaters and smurfs just go win 2 games with 30+kills and calibrate silver 1 and new updates make game more trsh.
Linux build of this game is terrible. It refuses to use more than 40% of my RX 6600 XT. Windows build fixes it, but you cannot play multiplayer with it. I would think that company as Vavle, that uses Linux on their own machines, would be better at this.
perfect game for smart people
i just wana the XP
Biva chat pat :D
Screamed at by russians
The reasons i would recommend this game 1: Racism 2.Gambiling  3.Angry Russians 4.Fat Turkish Streamer (FURI) 5.Why im broke 6. GOLD GOLD GOLD
very funny game
niogger ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥ BAD GAME
best game
premier is literally hack fest
nice
the best
Good mechanics and love skins
the "realistic ammo" change is asinine. nobody wanted it, asked for it, no idea why it was added. you dont need a change like this to make your game quirky again you want a player spike? ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ give cobblestone back jeezus BTW as of march 26th of 2026, the 2 games i tried to play before winding down to sleep got cancelled due to network errors. literally never ever seen that before. whole match, 2 times, 2 different maps, just gone. match didnt matter network error, sorry, there was no match. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
Great game, thanks valve devs!!
i hate this game but i won't stop play it. volvo fix your game!
from russians to cheaters to chickens this game has it all! just for the low price of a computer, you can play this ♥♥♥♥ fenzy COMPLETLY FOR FREE!!!!1!!!!!!
pft,j
best game
great game, it reminds of the begining of online games cs1.6.... great era
cheater
yes
VOVLO FIX UR ANTICHEAT
Valve ban me... i'm dont play with hack
dadada
I have spent more hours playing this game then studying for my finals exam to get into med school
classic 
good love gambling
hejno 
shoot
hile ve toksik rus oçlar olmasa 10 numara oyun 
like  
Skata
♥♥♥♥♥♥ game, 100% would recommend!
+rep
best ever <3
no
trash 
wery relaxing game no stress fun to play 
good
a
goiod
👍🏿
CITY BOIII!!!!!
nice 
maps
Slava Rusia
Full with cheaters, but still a good game!
AFSAF
gg 
i get 1 tap from every  angel, love this game ( got banned on my main for noting )
good 
Remove the reload update guys
....
russsian  
BEST GAME EVER
Top ;)
its very nervozna
♥♥♥♥ game
super fun
Good game
ba
So many cheaters it's not even funny
Very good 10/10
.
good
no

.
Тут так прикольно, получаю в голову сразу когда выхожу из паласы
pantuflas
They are actively ruining the game bro, they managed to crash their own market, and they changed the ammo and made it harder for new players. Also, there's a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of hackers so good luck
W GAME 
great game
needs anti cheat
great
dont buy this ♥♥♥♥ game, only cheaters and toxic players..
BEAST
joy
this game will take years off your life
GOOD GAME,WORST WITH CHEATERS
пж зарегай 2
https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198113666193/inventory/#730_2_47221939768
pretty cool game even for my age
nuke israel
No ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ way people still play this game in 2026
best game
...
wow very good
GOOD GAME
really fun
best
I hate russia
+W
nice game :D
Gamble Away!
csgo was better
gotta reccomend so that great, dominant, majestic, glorious, supreme Gabe Newell gives me a knife - May Gaben Reign Eternal
🫡
russians at 3am...... dont need to say anything else
blyatt
yeah
i get lvl 36s while im lvl 3
Sub tick bad but everything else good
do i need to explain
gg ti,a rakov ya livayu
Only FPS Shooter ive ever played where cheaters are allowed in every game mode ! Lowkey Insane people spend money on their skins !
CS2 is a brilliant game if you’re into competition and long-term progression.  At its core, it’s one of the most rewarding competitive shooters out there. Every match feels like it matters, and improving actually comes down to your own skill—aim, positioning, game sense. When you win, it feels earned. When you lose, you know exactly what you could’ve done better.  What also keeps me coming back is the inventory system. Building up your inventory over time adds another layer to the experience. Whether it’s unlocking skins, trading, or just slowly putting together a loadout you like, it gives you something to work toward outside of just ranking up. It’s a nice balance between competitive focus and personal progression.  The gameplay itself is tight and consistent, which is exactly what you want from a game like this. It’s easy to get into, but very hard to master—and that’s what makes it so addictive.  A top-tier competitive game, and one that’s just as satisfying outside the matches if you enjoy building up your inventory.
this game made me a the racist that i'm today. recommended!
TRès bon jeu meme si defois j'étais vrmt nul
best game
I like blasting and going to town on newbs, pwetty epic.
I love this game, russians are the best
if you want to be deppresed you will love this game
i had a crashout so bad cuz my bro lost me 400 points on premier. good game to ragebait in or learn russian. recomend
best
ki nami
Stuttering, crashing, hackers. 
cheaters ,,,,
once you start you never stop (even if it takes your mental health)
NICE 
Great game update now i get to see what its really like to get yelled at by a Russian when I have only one mag left. BLYAT
old is gold
very hacker very toxic cant stop playing
VERY GOOD
yes
good game
all hail gabe newell please gimme kukri knife
asd
кс го получше
I recommend this game for fun 5v5 friends server but i can not recommend this one becuase it has a 70% of toxic players are here. Js u can not stand.
good game highli rekomended 
still no knife :(
honestly just playing this game for the cases, its not bad
çokm iyi
GRAPHCS IS NICE. MOVEMENT AS WELL! NEED TO FIX PLAYER MODELS... YOU CANNOT HOLD CLOSE TO WALL ( PLAYER MODELS ARE POPPING OUT KILLOMERER FROM WALL)  MOST OF THE TIME AWP SHOOTS TROUGHT THE BODY. NO ANTICHEAT... (WALLHACK IS SAFE TO USE CAUSE AI CAN'T DETTECT)  ANTICHEAT DOESEN'T EXIST...(IF YOU CHEAT NOW YOU HAVE COOLDOWN FOR A DAY, NOT PROFILE BAN)  REPORT BUTTON IS ONLY VISUAL (DOESENT DO ♥♥♥♥) THIS GAME IS BEING HELD BY E-SPORT AND SKINS... DEADMACH UNPLAYABLE AI BOT LOBBIES ALMOST EVERY ONE YOU GO IN! GABE STOP BUYING YACHTS BETTER BUY ANTICHEAT !!! 
absolute peak when you want to learn russian
anticheat soon perhaps?
i got banned for greifing randomly when i never did anything. such a ♥♥♥♥ game dont play it!
CS2
GREAT GAME !!
yes
its fun and competitive
perfect game for crash outs 
nice
CS2 For ever best.
Very good game! I recommend it cool skins!
erti amati dedac movtyan 
Really fun game I am passionate about, I just wish I didn't have low trust factor as a legit player because holy crap cheaters every 2 games is so annoying plus you get a COOLDOWN for kicking cheaters but not when they get kicked.
great game lots of skill required 
The next case will be GOLD
horrible game
This game is full of trashtalkers. It would be nice If Valve set up AntiTrashplayers
i love russia
yeah
good and cool
you wont also shoot but you will also learn russian, recommended
+rep , good shooter, fix bots dm / and cheaters ban
Counter-Strike 2 merupakan game FPS terbaik di Steam karena game ini merupakan game pertama yang saya mainkan di Steam.
best game
خرا وحلوة
After today I couldn't not recommend it
best experience i heard 30 young little kids screaming n word and a grown men asking where i live, i recommend
nice game  
.
hacker strike
люовь одна стандоф 2 
Even tinder has less cheaters :D
very good game
good russian language teacher 
cs2 is good buti miss cs go
👍
THIS GAME IS FULL OF CHEATERS..DELETE THIS GAME AND NEVER INSTALL..VALVE NOT WORKING..EVERYDAY EVERYMATCH IS A CHEATER IN THE GAME..NOT RECOMMENDED GAME!!!
Good game
full of cheaters i do not recommend this game only if you play faceit this game have a trash anticheat valve do something with your fking anticheat trash community
good
Good
this game is good but mz wallet is not good
gg
Best game to play in 2026
.
you will cry
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ HATE WOMAN 
idk
Best
good
dont play for you safety.
best game if you have prime
good game
x
=)
contr stirk
A suck game
Ireng Kontol
This game is BETTER than VALORANT!!! This is my first time playing cs2 and it is actually so fun! I had a alot of fun playing this game with friends. I've played valorant before this and this is actually more playable. Also, the optimization on this game is actually one of the best from all the games I've played before, the graphics being unbelievable with fps still high. Beautiful game!
12312312
log into the game , got headshoted , log out
too many cheaters and valve doesnt care about players. money money money
good game
good 
It looks like a cool game. I tried it, it seems like I liked everything. I bought prime. I kept playing, it started to get really annoying,I got the first skins, etc. And then the case opening. So if you want to be sich or something, you should definitely try this game. Like i said very gut game.
best game that ie haw playd
I hate it,  i can't stop because i love it
nice cheaters on this game
alot of cheaters, bad anticheat. dont recommend. 
My gun dont spray like theirs
best shooter in the world. thanks VALVe
this game is too fun  
da
ma bas je dobra
love how the games makes me so happy 
good game
Ebanoe govno 2
nice game, definitely no racism, very family friendly
rhenj
wow
Fun
soo many ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ russians
Best game I have ever played!
Bring Back CS:GO
Fix the anticheat pls
biva ko
Dont buy this for free its ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ wank!
I like this game, it’s the best competitive game.  But there is a big problem. For new players, this game won’t be as good as it should be. For new Steam accounts like mine, the Trust Factor is as low as possible by default.
The game is full of cheaters/
good game, just needs more updates
:steamhappy:
maybe it is time to fix farm bots ?
진짜 재밌어요! 다들 했으면 좋겠어요! 다같이카운터스트라이크온라인을해서행복해져요
10/10
Fun Game :)
Very good game, very incredible i love counter strike 2 and to donate all my money to the great state of israel
Very good game gorgeous marvelous
yes
bad
cs2 is the best i ever playz 
putsis mang
Fun game to play but deathmatch has way too many bots
qqrqrq 
Game good other then VAC (Valve Anti-Cheat)
mad boring. not sure how to teamkill
i see enemy, i shoot, i miss, enemy turns and kills me one shot, 10/10 gameplay
good game but toxic people 
good game
disappointed.
This game made my wife leave me (yes, she took the kids... ) but I found my new love on this game. The one I was truly meant to be with, my one and only, my E-Kitten @TTV-Zombaemedic She stole the fart right out of my butt. She's the only reason I wake up in the morning. Her tourette's really get me hard. I really love her <3 XOXO  your daddy/ alpha <3
.
стреляйт люди весоло
absolute cinema
nc
kjempe bra
bs
no 
Get out while you still can
very good
wish valve was more interested to fix the game play7 experience. this game will always be the goat no matter what.
sound game
rwr
gud
CS2 looks better, plays smoother. Still brutal pure skill game. 8/10
gay game
toxic people, but good to toughen yourself up, game of being perfect to the craft
Theek hi ha lekin csgo jayeda acha tha
good
.
l
some things don't need to be changed.. EXCEPT ALL OF THE NON SHARING TRASH STEALING HOOMANS! oh CS2, yis fun game. hoomans think racc cheats but hoomans are the cheaters of themselves..
CS 2 is trash, no anti cheat, but you can learn russian
So many hackers and stupid developers dont do anything! hope all stop[ playing this trash game!
im silver 1 and every competitive match is either super close or im top of the team and we still lose 13 - 0 or 13 - 1 because somehow the enemy team knows every preaim and snaps to every headshot while im silver 1 and im not even bad at aiming im just at silver 1 and cant counter instantly dying every round and having the enemy team use perfect grenades and yet somehow my teammates are still on my play level like come on. playing the game is a miserable experience most of the time. I was suggested I get prime to make it better and nothing changed at all. i would rather get punched in the balls than play hours of competitive matches in a row that end 13 - 2 or worse. casual and deathmatch are okay sometimes...
Taliby mnie ruchaja w dupe CBŚ tak samo
This game just has to be ruined for no apparent reason. There was no issue with the reloading. Adding complexity to areas that don't need it. nice job valve
Crizzy drizzy game, kinda addicting too loll.
This game is terrible, full of hackers, and incredibly slow. The developers seem only interested in making money from crates, skins, and VAC, which has been dormant since the game's inception. I have a terrible Trust Factor, and I don't know why, even though I've never used hacks. Then some idiot with a brain comes along and uses them, and when I report them, nothing happens. I wish I could see an icon saying, "We've banned someone in your game." When I told support about it, the only thing they said was, "Report them." Screw this stupid game, and screw everyone who supports it, saying it's good while wasting their money like a fool on stupid crates.
me say gg
zo'r faqat boshida oddiy o'ynasa chit ko'b
hacker strike
99999999999999hours         
Games pretty much rage bait F@#k this...    ill be on thursday....
Goorang on the jittlethang on the dougie
10/10
♥♥♥♥ game
great game, I love it
good game 
y
fix anticheat
like... stonks and guns
Best realistic 5v5 game ever!
🍮 Spoonful Recipe 🧾 For the custard: 2 egg yolks 1 liter milk 3 tablespoons flour 3 tablespoons starch 1 tea glass of sugar 1 packet vanilla 1 pack of cream (to be added after the custard cools) 🍰 For the base: Cocoa loaf cake (store-bought or homemade) 🍫 For the ganache: 1 pack of cream 2 packs of chocolate
this game is ahh now
saw 4 vac lives in one non prime casual game
This game is suffering
polished
meh
GAME IS SUPER FUN  TO PLAY BERY ADDICTING BUT IF WORKED ON HACKERS  I WOULD BE MUCH BETTER AND IF ADDED NEW MODES   LIKE BATTLE ROYALE 
maded my aim very good
Yeah its aight
Always selling all my ♥♥♥♥ items to get cases and keys, just to get more ♥♥♥♥ items.
40 hours into the game and i can tell you it is a masterpiece. The art style is amazing. The gameplay is amazing. Its essentially a game of puzzles, once you solve whatever you cant figure out, you progress. Take your time learning the game and it will become fun very quickly.
Before this game I used to be able to go outside and enjoy the world.  Now I only see how poorly optimized everything is. To many bottlenecks, not enough bus, someone should really upgrade all the belts to a higher speed.
smoking and drugs are bad, so is factorio. It will steal your lifespan and ruin your sleep. DO NOT PLAY this game. YOU WERE WARNED
im still not super good at this game but in my opinion its entirely worth the money
BITERKIND IS DEAD. HOLMIUM IS FUEL. EVO FACTOR IS FULL.
they made this because drugs werent addictive enough
Come get addicted with me, its fun.
decent
love that game
Still fun after 4000 hours.
definitely recommended when u have the tism'
yis
Factorio is a great game because it perfectly balances creativity, problem-solving, and progression. From the moment you start placing your first drills and conveyor belts, you’re pulled into a loop of designing, optimizing, and expanding your factory. Every small improvement—whether it’s reorganizing your smelting lines or automating a new component—feels rewarding. With 18.3 hours already invested, you’ve likely experienced how the game constantly gives you just enough complexity to stay engaging without feeling overwhelming.  Another reason Factorio stands out is its depth and scalability. What starts as a simple setup quickly evolves into a massive, interconnected system where efficiency becomes an art form. You can approach challenges in multiple ways, whether you prefer neat, organized layouts or sprawling, chaotic megabases. The game respects your playstyle while still pushing you to think critically about logistics, resource management, and long-term planning. That sense of growth—from manual crafting to full automation—is incredibly satisfying.  Finally, Factorio’s atmosphere and tension keep it exciting. The constant threat of enemy attacks adds urgency to your expansion, forcing you to balance defense with production. At the same time, the steady hum of machines and the visual flow of resources create a strangely relaxing rhythm. It’s a game that can be both intense and meditative, often at the same time. The factory never sleeps, neither do the bugs.
The best factory biulder on the planet, no question!
Great game! Tons of fun and unlimited potential. you can play slow or fast, I spent over 800 hours to finish the DLC because I was enjoying myself, you can continue to play after finishing and it is almost more fun. Worth far more than they are selling it for, but sadly for you deal hunters this will never go on sale. Factorio can be played on a shocking about of systems but the better your PC the farther you can push it. I play on a M1 mac book which is definitely not optimal put still functions got 1k SPM on base game and at 2M eSPM on space age. I also have played on steam deck but don't recommend playing on controler.
the factory must expand
So addictive...

Cracktorio is perfect. Buy it and Space Age immediately you will not regret it trust me
An amazing game for smart people.  If only I was smart...
The factory must grow
I started some Factorio runs a few times over some years. It never clicked, I became frustrated at my messy factory and quit each time.  But then… oh my god. I booted it again and I don’t know what happened but now I can’t stop playing anymore. Pulling all nighters like when I was a teenager, and constantly dreaming about ideas and designs to expand my factory, I am so in love with this game and always want to play more: the factory must grow.  This game is amazing and deserves all the community love it gets. Once it gets to you, it’s gifts you with such a passion for it like no other game.  Definitely try it if you haven’t.
What can I say, this game has deserved all its praise. I have not even bought space age yet (as of writing this review) but it is still very fun. The loop of building more stuff to make more stuff to make more stuff faster and seeing the belts fill up, trains run and assemblers work is super satisfying. If you're into automating stuff you'll probably love this game. I can see what people mean by this game being made by programmers for programmers. This is a 10/10, highly recommend!!
Wonderful!
The game that really kicked the automation/factory into the spotlight and still stands to this day as the best in overall gameplay experience, freedom, and ease.    If you believe you might even remotely like this game, then I can't recommend it enough, I have probably clocked in around a thousand hours or more, when I was a poor teenager sailing the high seas.  It is a bit of a steep price that never goes on sale, but it's an honest price for what should be the gold standard of user experience and good coding practices.  Optimisation is out of this world. I've grown to expect lag from games, be it my poor hardware, their poor optimization, but it's a constant. Instead Factorio runs like butter, until way past the point I feel like it should.   Bugs are like a golden ticket you can brag about finding, that's how well patched it is,  QoL has become near perfect, and if you feel like you're missing something, I can guarantee the game's modding community has an answer.  The circuit logic systems in this game are so wonderfully fun, able to change recipes, read ingredients, storage, do math, do logic conditions, and more. Truly I have not seen a game with such amount of power given to the player be done well.  I haven't even touched on trains, but this game has the best train control system I've seen, period. The system is easy enough to setup a basic bi directional setup, but there is sooooooooooo much freedom in it. Some of the more advanced features sadly aren't well explained, but they let you create a self-assigning, self-aware train system, using nothing but the in-game logic and interrupts. I cannot convey the satisfaction of seeing the trains ferry your goods in increasingly complex layouts as your knowledge grows to better utilize them.   if I had to rate it, I'd give it a true 10/10, which is insane to my nitpicky mind.
ngl, this game is addicted, when you play, you can't stop playing  if you wait to get an item or to progress, mean you not play properly
This game is not for everybody, but that should be obvious by the description and screenshots. I had this game recommended to me during college and held off on trying it. The game has a demo, try it. After playing the demo I instantly bought it and now its one of my favorite games.  If you like working your way through a tech tree in games then this is the game for you. It reminds me of an old school RTS but instead of diplomacy and building an army you only have your hero unit and base defenses while you focus on a science victory. You build your bases and outposts gathering resources and automating production while fighting off the natives.   I usually prefer first person 3D games but this game's factory building components outclass the competition (satisfactory). Its honestly a gem and the space age DLC basically multiplies the tech tree by 5x by flipping it on its head, rotating it, and translating it all without messing with the core game loop or making it unreadable.   Seriously, try the demo and if you enjoy it buy it. This game doesn't go on sale and it doesn't need to because it is worth it.

The factory must grow
PEAK TARIO
I love autism
I bough the game Friday around 19:00. It is now Monday 03:20 and I have 30 hours on it. Cheapest addiction ever!
Soooo complicated and soooo entertaining. I just wanted to do that one task, but then it evolves into 10 and each of those in 10 more tasks. There is always something to do, something to worry about. It is so fun to play the game. It has so many layers to make it more difficult. New ways to struggle. That can be frustraiting sometimes. Once that is mastered, the fullfillment can't be described, to see the factory work perfectly.
Another great game to spend time in, many hours spent optimizing the sphagetti, and purging xeno filth from my factory worlds >:).   praise the sphagetti
Good use of time for autistic people
Great game if you want an addiction
Great Automation game
balls
the factory must grow
First time playing the game I was transported 6 hours into the future and had learned how to automate making a basic inserter and nothing else. 100% recommend this game to anyone that likes number go up
its good 
Autism sim.  (:
good game to binge time on love this ♥♥♥♥
Crystal meth
w
very fun game where you can kill the locals and place walmart parking lots. also there is OIL
fun game
In the later stages, progress is less grindy compared to Satisfactory.  Still, I love the one, so I love the other. Have fun!
Help me, I’m trapped
I rebought this game when I lost my access to my first steam account because its sooo good. And it never goes on sale, so don't wait for one, worth full price.
Like crack cocaine, extremely addicting. Just spending hours to let the factory grow!
If u want to become a no lifer, perfect game
Best game 10/10
If you could only take 1 game to an island for the rest of your life. This is clearly it.  -Unlimited, addictive replayability and huge catalog of high quality mods.  -Unlimited depth with signal processing (you could program a game in the game), but can just be ignored for casual players. -Finally the game is a master class of QoL and UX game design.
The. Factory. Must. Grow.
you need a big bRAIN TO PLAY BUT ITS FUN 
Trains, rocks, math… what more could a autistic boi ask for?
this game scratches all the tisms. 11/10
built a factory biters attacked it nuked factory as well as biters 11/10 would do it again
бомба
The factory must grow
good
Cracktorio
yyyyyyyyyyyeeeeeeeeeeeeesssssssssssssssssss it is amazing seventeen billion stars out of 5
this game might be hard, but i am also hard.
low power UPSCALE low circuit production UPSCALE biter nest nuking UPSCALE low iron plate production i can never have enough iron.
7 hours in, it is currently 1 am, i am already addicted. I didn' t listen to the warnings, now im here. It is truly like crack. 10/10
Great game. Don't ever tell yourself "just one more thing and then I go to sleep" it's never just one more thing.
The factory must grow
Yes!
my gpa reached 2.
almost 50 hours in. 35 in one sitting.  10/10 would skip meals again
Title: You don’t play Factorio. You exist across it.  Factorio starts as a simple factory builder, but it doesn’t stay that way for long.  At first, you operate in a “microworld.” You place belts, machines, inserters... You are directly involved in every action. Every piece matters, and every decision is local.  But as the factory grows, something changes.  You stop interacting with individual elements and start managing systems. Production lines, train networks, logistics chains... Everything becomes part of a larger structure. You are no longer “inside” the factory in a traditional sense.  You exist across it.  In a strange way, the game puts you into a kind of superposition. You are present everywhere at once, not physically, but through design. You are simultaneously dealing with iron shortages, optimizing throughput, expanding power, and reworking logistics, often across multiple locations or even planets.  You are not the one doing the work anymore. The system is.  Your role shifts from execution to orchestration.  What makes this work is how transparent and fair the game is. Every problem has a clear cause. Every inefficiency can be traced. There is no randomness hiding mistakes, and no artificial delays masking bad design. The feedback is immediate and honest.  This creates a continuous loop of problem → solution → optimization → new problem that is deeply engaging.  And difficult to step away from.  Factorio has no natural stopping point. You don’t quit because you’re finished... you quit because you decide to stop. One small fix turns into a complete redesign before you realize how much time has passed.  I have spent thousands of hours in this game, and the only real downside is this: it is incredibly easy to lose yourself in it.  In short: if you enjoy systems, efficiency, and thinking at scale, this is one of the best games ever made.  Just be aware, once you stop being “in” the factory and start existing “across” it, it’s very hard to go back.
Friendly Tip: You will always need more green circuits!
Pure Flow state. Beware: time dilation.
Inifinite replayability. Superb Impelmentation.
the videogame equivilant of hard drugs  bad for my health i know i shouldn't  but  the factory must grow and the envrionmentalists must burn
This is the most addictive game i've played in my life.
Love it.
Space Exploration 200 hours and still going... Factory must grow I guess
Insanely addictive if you are into crafting, city building, automating, or optimizing. I waited for years for Factorio to go on sale before caving and buying at full price, and I'm sorry that I waited. The train operation in the game alone is worth the price, and that is just a tiny fraction of what Factorio has to offer. A very robust modding community exists as well, so it effectively has infinite replay value.
Very satisfying Industry-Game. You'll waste time, but you're going to enjoy doing it. Even more fun with a friend.
ThE iNseRtErs aRE mY FriEnDs
One of my most favorite games I've ever played
engineer
Always come back to this one
Addicting no life'd the ♥♥♥♥ out of this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game
Definitely get this game.
I have autism (unrelated)
It's crack.
Good
the factory must grow
tried the demo....instantly hooked. spent over 10 hours before even buying the game and got 19 hours in 3 days...this game eats your time. be careful y'all 
the best of its kind <3
It is crack on a video game 
This is a great game
great
BERY GOOOOOD
Factory must grow, ain't it?
I love this game clearly lol
umm
10/10 It's called Cracktorio for a reason.
A masterpiece of programming.
I started with spaghetti, then tried to make everything clean, and now i am back to spaghetti.  11/10 Game
Getting this review done early before I forget 10/10 game will play over 1000 hours
For some reason I don't have much of a life now that I have found this game. PLEASE HELP ME!!!!!
I think it's good
Crack
The Factory Must Grow!!!
autism glue trap
If you like this kind of game, this is top tier. I am very much considering buying the dlc too. It looks great and somehow an easier sell than a second game because you know its more of what you like. The netcode is also notably quite good which is becoming more of a rarity even after building massive structures. Play it for an hour, if you're able to put it down you can return it.
squirt 
Good game, i've been playing it for- how tf is it already at 4 hours.
This Game is more addictive than heroin and crack combined 10/10
it is a nice qaulity game thats just fun to play 
A good game, just not for me
Not a full review, game is too big and probably need another 100hrs. Not intending on finishing 50hr mark, 7.5/10.   If you really, really, like factory games, this game is probably a 9/10+. I am just the average joe.  Notes: - I choose not to look up anything unless I was stuck for more than 30mins, and only that aspect when I did. And it is an experience. - Had QoL mods, so steam achievements were disabled.  Pros: You get what you paid for. Cons:  - Serious lack of explanation even considering the tools and tips section, will halt you for hours+ trying to understand game systems thrown at you.  - Navigating pages is very, very, messy and incomprehensible (research page and Alt+MB1 page).  - Creating big bases and deconstructing is very, very, punishing early-mid game due to lack of building/deconstructing automation unless you have played the game before, and seems unavoidable if this is your first time playing due to problems above which kills any form of deliberation/planning. I think the experience I had of deconstructing and reconstructing the entire base without bots, with all the forethought, improv, and follow through is enough to make like 90% of the players quit - Even after unlocking robots it is a logistical and planning nightmare unless you use blueprints, which take a LOT of self-experimenting and testing to figure out. - Tutorials 4+ are useless for 'figure out yourself' and has outdated train rails, better off trying in the actual game. Wastes many hours for nothing.  It turns out compared to Satisfactory, being 2D and having no verticality for building is a major player disadvantage.
I fixed one bottleneck. Now there are 47 new ones.  10/10 I am the bottleneck
Have you ever thought "I should move this closer to that, that way it'll be more efficient and I can do both at the same time".   If yes buy this game right now The Factory must grow
Played has kid and playing now is the same brain teaser and i like it just wish the Dlc came in bundle for cheaper or something yeah alot of content for the Dlc Space but 45$ for CA is a bit high
Holy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥, this game made me fall in love with programming again. Also this game reinforces so many programming concepts like abstraction and encapsulation. Now does that mean I am a good programmer? No absolutely not, am I good at this game? Also No, but there is no rule book for this game and it can't stop me from creating inefficient designs which will be a pain in my ass later.   The best way to encourage anyone is to politely remind them that they are going to be their own worst enemy in this game but that's okay and part of the learning curve or cliff.
I thought people were being hyperbolic about the time dilation thing. But nope! I came into factorio very critically given the price it is currently at. Let me jsut say, this is the cheapest non free to play game if you consider fun to dollar value
great game
by all means this game is israeli in nature and I am a goy for continuing to play it   8.7/10
The factory must grow.
Great game
this game ruined my sleep schedule, would do that again 10/10. THE FACTORY MUST GROW!!!
this game is campbells!
okay, lets just play a little, i havent played this for a while so why not
idk im just a dumbass bug 
This game would consume my life if I allowed it. Great game for those who love getting into the weeds
It's so hard... Yet, I can't stop playing it. And I'm horrible at it. :(
In my opinion, Factorio is one of the top 5 PC games of all-time. The way the game blends simplicity (the retro graphics and simple interface) with complex supply chain dynamics is incredible. I loved Factorio before Space Age came out but hadn't played in awhile. When I picked it back up, I was blown away with how much SA added to the game. Interplanetary supply chains, automation, combat! You can't ask for much more : )
T H E F A C T O R Y M U S T G R O W
The factory must grow
Good stuff
Basic game 7,5/10 With DLC 9,5/10 Still king of the logistics.  Don't expect it to be on sale.
507 hours when writing this. And that's on a low end among the players. Such a cool game! And it keeps on giving! The Space Age absolutely rocks!
Just get this game!
im addicted
Buy it
It's addictive
Awesome
This game is just like working at home after an 8 hour shift.
This game helped me get over my drug addiction. I got more addicted to it than the heroin. 11/10 would recommend
If you like factory builders, this is THE game. Look at the hours I played it for. I think it is well worth the price of admission and for sure has enough content.
even rehab gave up on this one
So uhhh yeah My hours are low I'm sure it'll change... Sooner or later  I guess I just threw my life away But the spaghetti must grow
is fun
WUBE killed my dog
Great game
Fantastic Game
factroy big
tism
its has a great mod suport
the only factory game you should buy
Game simultaneously makes me feel like a genius and an incompetent idiot at the same time
autism simulator
Insanely addictive
Good game, however its seriously overpriced. At least if it went on sale from time to time.
200 hour but i'm not even started yet, because i want to install mods until reach to hardcode popup, now i have 465 mods to play let's go ,when i'm finish i will comeback to review again
I see conveyor belts when I close my eyes. I need help.
i love building factory  i need more steal
One of the BEST automation games, the addition of enemies is perfect.
If you like factory games then you already know this one. But if you somehow don't, then buy it immediately. The only downside is the therapy you'll need for this new addiction.
ONE OF THE BEST GAMES OUT THERE 10/10
Help
its awesome and makes me use my brain for once
The one and only Factorygame.  This game is optimized till hell: If you program minecraft on circuits in this game it will run faster than minecraft itself.
Best game ever.
AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
try the demo, if you like that you will sink in many many hors in the main game.
I don't know where I am or what day it is, I launched a space program and I see transporter belts when I close my eyes. This game is like crack cocaine to a computer science person and I don't know if I'll be able to leave.
You will never want to do anything else
I just figured out how to properly set up a circuit network.
normally do not play games, but this has kept me busy for a really, really long time.  i am playing this on steam deck. never played on pc. it is a bit difficult on the deck getting started, since most guides are made for PC. right now struggling in importing blue prints easily
It's the perfect factory game.
I bought the game 2 days ago and played a ♥♥♥♥ ton for 2 days. Got the Tetris effect and started seeing belts and trains whenever I closed my eyes. 10/10 would recommend.
bug
It is like crack, just legal.
Very fun but i not have the enough iq for the sheet
Very good
Cracktorio.
Factory must grow
Maths and medicine are two of things hard to combine , but went is together is a dust you’ll have a hard time to get off
its one of the best games ive ever played. it comforts me, i love it very much, i think people can meditate with this game, its lovely. just blissful. it changed me, its awesome.
If you like math and puzzles, and getting diddled by bugs.
10/10 This game consumes my every thought, even when not actively playing it. I can only start a run when I have time off work
8 hours in, my only earthly desire is for the factory to grow. It is the factory's right to expand and dominate the world's resources. If the factory wasn't meant to do this why does god let the factory do it? Exactly. The factory alone must bear the burden of expansion and show the planet all that it is truly capable of.
Still grasping the basics, i hope to launch first rocket soon!
Devs would do numbers if Candy Crush moms ever found this
+rep nice skins
Jogo extremamente viciante e que te bota pra raciocinar.
this game is very simple and incredibly fun!
awesome and matches my autism
Came here after seeing Arknights Endfield and its community saying how similar it is to it.  This is just my first day and I've already hit 10+ hours. Damn you digital drug dealer
The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow.
good
it is very good but i get bored because i get bored with everything so... Great game really recommend
this game is insanely better than minecraft get it
The factory must grow.
Overall, a great base game with a valuable DLC expansion.
Addictive
This game is a definite buy. I could spend countless hours playing, building, designing, and optimizing. The factory must grow.
Noice
fun
Are you the gamer that likes to optimize the fun out of a game? Are you obsessed with meticulous perfection? Do you hate bugs? If you answered yes to all of these questions, then this game is for you! Absolutely amazing game!
Its pretty good
This game is digitised crack
this is like crack but if crack was more addicting
This game is good
I've only just started, but I now understand why the factory must grow. It is because the factory must grow.  I am here at 1:40am, growing my factory. Wondering when I should go to bed, but I can't go to bed, because the factory must grow. Nobody is here to stop me growing the factory. It is a problem.  Conveyor belts.
Factorio is a definitional game for the production-line genre. There are no games even close to competing with it in terms of sheer size, flexibility, and organically challenging physics and logic puzzles. Endlessly replayable, and I haven't even gotten to space yet. If you want a game to get addicted to, Factorio is for you. 
fun ig
---update---  Well, after re-playing this on the 2.0 version, I have to correct my review to somewhat negative. It was once a great and fun game, and challenging to build your factory. But too many things seem to have changed with 2.0 from the past, and I just cannot get anymore the previous fun out of it. I wanted to start playing it, to get the Space Age DLC right after, but luckily I didn't buy it first, because after how this is no longer fun, I'm not buying it. It is, as if the early game was "eliminated" or at least "reduced" and now you are hurrying into things... why? So people buy Space Age and play this instead, which is another as much for a DLC than the main game?  ---update---  Real isn't letting me create the biggest and baddest factory in existence! 0/10 for real life. 10/10 for my factory ... not yours!   Belts belts belts... Belts belts belts belts ... Belts belts belts belts belts belts ... gimme more belts! Why do I seem to never have enough belt...
everything
Hooked on crack?  Need something to break that addiction?  Here's your game!
o7
amazing game. changed my life. way better than working at the factory all day irl
Very Nerdy, but a super good game
I cannot recommend this game
helt okej spel men rekommenderar helvete heller
The best automation game after Satisfactory
Perfect game
it's like going to work and getting the productivity hit, but you don't have to do any stupid ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ or talk to people who suck. billionaires only wish they could exploit the planet at such a scale.
This is like crack cocaine. Proceed at your own risk.
The factory must grow!!!
As a computer scientist, I have to say, who needs crack when you have factorio?
[h1]"Send Dudes!"[/h1]  HQ: "Nudes...?"  [h2]"NO! I said Dudes! I need HELP!!!"[/h2]  [i]Connection to Kali Carlyle - Head-Engineer, Wube, lost. Transmission interrupted.  Initiating Rescue protocol:  Location - Unknown Status - Unknown Prediction of Survival - Error. Subject is known for relentless tenacity and efficiency.  Error. Rescue protocol impossible.[/i]  Meanwhile in the atmosphere of an unknown Planet  "Landing Vectors's a bust. Landing Gear too... Velocity close to terminal. I'd say... Another happy landing incoming!"   With a loud booming sound the Spaceship cut through the atmosphere of the planet right in front of it like a glowing white hot knife through butter. By a hairs width the engineer managed to soften the crash good enough, to keep the ship at least somewhat together and survived.  Welcome to your new life.  Yes, you! [i]tapping the OLED Panel in front of me with a finger[/i] This is no game. This will become your new reality, if you stumble into it. You love building large bases? Well Yeeehaaaa, you can go as big as your PC can manage without goping up in flames. With the AddOn Space Age you aren't limited to megabases anymore. The numbers are growing. We're talking Gigabases now!  You love efficiency? Good. You can exhaust yourself planing your factory in order to leave this godforsaken Solar System. Oh, Efficiency, what's that? Well then go full spaghetti! Either well, whatever tickles your fancy, it all works. Somehow. In the end... Maybe after a few revisions and ironing out the bottlenecks [i]sharky grin[/i]  Some people call it cracktorio and they're right. You think you completed it? 100%ed it? Pfff, nah. Trophies mean nothing. The factory must grow. And so it will. Whenever you think you are safe from Factorio, it will sneak itself back into your brain. Whispering to you, while you try to enjoy some bedroomfun with your soon to be Ex-Partner... You don't need work... You need to expand the factory. And get rid of the pestering neighbors to do so!  Oh uh... Not those annoying people living next to you, mind you. Biters. Pesky Bugs. BUGS! [b]EWWWW BUGS!!![/b]  They live on your new home. Well... they did. The factory will swallow them soon enough. With related Mods even quite literally. You mine, they sniff it and those eco terrorists will come for you, trying to shut down your wonderfully smoking chimneys and churning smelters!  So set your defenses, equip your Powersuit with a wide selection of gadgets and weapons and go on the warpath. Show those 'Landowners' who really's Boss on Nauvis.  Not enough blood for you? Travel to Gleba and blast the f*ing Hell out of those glebian fivelegged Aliens! Oh... and do it fast. This whole planet is a rotting hell and you'd best be not surprised, when it starts rotting around you. Even IN your factory. Mold, spoiled products, Natives that egg up your defense lines, throwing the next of their generation to the frontlines without remorse!  While you build your factory on Nauvis and defend it, gathering Ores and producing the ♥♥♥♥ out of them to to do research and improve, Gleba will give you pause and force you to rethink. Gone are the days of happy expanding. Spoilage... This dreaded enemy of production...  But maybe the smaller, skittish kind of Aliens aren't your thing? You're a sucker for big game, huh? Well fear not, leave Nauvis and travel to Vulcanus. The game on this planet is... massiv. Like we're not talking big, we're talking on a titanic, lavafountain spewing ginormous tremor and trauma inducing Worms! What did you say? Put a bullet in it's head and it's dead? Heh, feel free to try. I guess Vulcanus is at least a nice and warm grave for the reckless.  On the bright side... IF you manage to evict a Demolisher, how we named those cutsy widdle liddle wormsys, from it's territory, it's gone for good. Yay, you claimed yourself new Land for your Factories! Easy, isn't it? No expanding and resettling from the Natives like on Nauvis or ugh... Gleba...  All this fighting, you want a break? Well say no more... Welcome to Fulgora! The heartattack inducing trashbin of this Solarsystem.  Smelting Ores to produce shiny Bars? Nu'uh! Not on this Holiday Paradise! You will enjoy diving through trash. Literally. Gleba fried your Brain with how to make everything work despite everything rotting down around you? Fulgora demands your best reverseengineering skills from you! Get those heaps of Trash, recycle them, sort them, use them, recycle them again, USE MO- Ahum. My bad. The Madness got me again...  Oh, almost forgot... No enemies. Fulgora is as squeekypeaceful as the buttcheeks of a baby. With timely eruptions every now and then. Well mainly at night. In form of... uh... frying deadly Thunderstorms. But you'll be fiiiiineeee! Trust me. Just think about all the Trash! Give in to your OCD, Clean up this planet! You'll love it.  Problems with Germs? You hate trash and even the thought about touching other peoples garbage gives you the jeebs? Well... Then you might want to visit our Winterwonderland Aquilo. Okay, given you visited the other planets first to grab some vital techs from them, so you can even survive the journey to Aquilo, but after that little technicality? Ice, as far as you can see. At least in form of small Islands. But it has a nice, deep blue Ocean going for it. Ammonia has such a vibrant color...   You'll figure out to get enough warmth around your factorybuildings to stop them from flashfreezing in this subzero environment. We at HQ are sure, you'll make us proud!   So how does it sound? Love it?   Wanna dive straight in, starting the gears of your machinery? Then become a relentless Engineer today!  For those Technerdy types...  Yeah it's 2D but it's beautiful. It is optimized to hell and back, whatever clunks will killed as fast as a Biter in your Factory and the sounds are crisp and fun to listen to, as if the turning gears are music. And the soundtrack is absolutely from heaven. You'll stop every now and then to just enjoy the Soundtrack.  So what else do you want? No Bugs, besides those you can and will kill yourself, a buttload full of different planets to enjoy and almost endless possibilities to scale your factory.  Say what you want, Factorio is the absolute King of Factorybuilders. Doesn't matter how beautiful 3D Games are, they will never beat the artwork of a full spaghettibase in factorio. Nor will you ever be able to go as bonkers in scaling.   So yes. Factorio is an absolute must have for every factorybuilder out there! Get your divorcepapers, quit your jobs...  [h1]THE  FACTORY  MUST  GROW[/h1]
боже как же я люблю строить 5 часов 10 часов отлаживать и пару минут наслаждаться выхлопом ненужного ресурса 
Super addictgive, high replay value and tons of mods.  The goal is optimisation of pipelines.  The factory must be fed.
What is grass?... Oh grass? I touch it all the time in this game... I can feel the texture through my mouse.. Oh. Anyways... you should buy this game... it cures loneliness, depression, issues with friends (You might not see them for a while), and pretty much every other mental problem in your life... 10/10 recommend.
Probably the best overall game I've ever played, and the foundation of the entire automation/factory genre. Its basically just software engineering but with cooler graphics. Other games may have iterated on this and refined certain other aspects of it but at the end of the day Factorio will probably always be the deepest game in this genre, not to mention how open it is to mods and overhauls that let you crank up the complexity past anything other games in the genre could possibly offer
I enjoy playing this game, it is a fun game to play
I'm not really that addicted to this game, but it is still quite fun -- even if you're not making megabases and stuff. I think it is pretty gay (derogatory) that the game keeps increasing in price, but if you can afford to buy it, then you're in for a few hundred hours of innovation, and creeping into the thousands with the DLC.
The Factory must grow.
Just launched my first rocket, now the factory must grow
big numbers make me happy
i think i have type 3 autism
Very fun and interesting game. Well worth the price!
absolutely perfect. one of the best games i have ever played
SOC
mük
They call it Cracktorio for a reason
Belt, splitter, belt, inserter, inserter, belt, underground belt, splitter, splitter, belt
This game is better than drugs and WILL ruin your sleep schedule. Every hour you play in the game, 7 hours passes on the outside world.
W
If you read this review, you have to play the game RIGHT NOW.
Interesting concept of a game. Some people say it is addictive. I personally haven't got much time to play it, but I would say that you can learn a lot playing it. There are lots of games on Steam that people consider addictive. Creating a Play Timer that would remind you to save and live the real life would be a great idea, and then, when you have more free time, come fresh and play it again. Maybe other in-game addictiveness-related settings would also help...for any of this kind of a game.
    0            |||
[h1] I'll leave this positive review here in tribute to Katherine of Sky. [/h1]  8 years ago, I downloaded a pirated copy of Factorio in a computer cafe, and installed and played this game (v0.16) with my Intel Celeron laptop. I literally can't buy the game because I didn't have a bank account. I even sent an email to the developers if they'd agree if I can mail them cash or pay via Gcash (Now, steam accepts our local payment processor.)  Back then, I was utterly lost on what to do right after the old tutorial. I then went to YouTube to find guides and that's where I discovered Katherine's Channel. I downloaded all her videos (Entry Level to Megabase) using a dodgy site called YouTube CC Converter.  I watched all 93 videos, and I played alongside her walkthrough.  I learned about Malls, Balancers, Different Builds, the basic logic of automation, things I could possibly do, everything. Everything I knew about Factorio started from her. 120 hours later, I had a decent sized semi-spaghetti factory that's launching 1 rocket per minute.  Now, every time I play this game, her builds are always integrated into my Factories, no matter how many times I restart, and no matter what mods I use.   She made me love Factorio so much, that I stopped pirating games, and started to buy the games that I really love. With Factorio being the very first game I bought when I got my very first paycheck.  She may be gone from this world, but she will be forever remembered as we build our Factories.  Fly high Katherine of Sky.
Unmatched depth and polish
I bought this game when my friends decided to play a server together after years of being in my wishlist.  Oh how much the factory could have grown in that time...
Amazing - exceeded my expectations in depth and amount of gameplay
oil
goated game fr
This game, is perhaps the closest I will ever get, to getting high on drugs. If you are looking for a fix, depressed, need to kill an insane amount of time, buy this game.
The Civ of automation games for me.  "Just one more improvement before bed..."
amazing game <3
game gives you tism 
I couldn't have put this many hours into a game that wasn't incredible. The game is an addiction. Beware, all those who venture here, if you have even the barest drop of dopamine from solving any kind of problem, this game may destroy you.
THE factory game, really on the borderline of being perfect. i have some problems with the dlc but when i verbalise them i realise how minor they are, and furthermore how almost non-existent my issues with the base game are. a shame it lost its almost-perfect review ratio from a greedy price increase
Is good.
this really itches that automation side of me really well, if you like games like satisfactory pick this one up!
Factorio that I always keep coming back to. Whether that be a vanilla playthrough, a heavily modded one, or something with some simple QoL mods. It's always feels new and different. If you have any interest in this game, I would highly recommend spending the money on it.
Probably my favorite game ever. Honestly the best 35 I ever spent. It looks nerdy but its actually extremely fun.
the G.O.A.T.
the best actual simulator :D if you like simulations then this is the game for you
/
Stupid sexy factory
Honestly I got this game 2 days ago because i heard it was a good game for engineering majors such as myself....... ive already hit 22hrs and Ive BARELY scratched the surface of what is possible in this game. This game is addictive. In most other games I find myself unwilling to completely start over from scratch multiple times over because its too much of a hassle and its not fun. In factorio, I am on my third world after spending literal hours in my previous world because I hated my old design and decided I needed something better. Its ridiculously engaging and it will keep you up into the late hours of the night just trying to optimize and troubleshoot multiple small arbitrary problems until you realize its 4am. Overall its a 100/10 and I wouldn't second guess getting this game again if i had to. Also dont listen to the videos that tell you to get blueprints from online sources. Make your own like the real engineer you are and feel accomplished for creating and understanding the logic and justification behind your system. And for the love of god use ghost placements to plan things out because it will save you ungodly amounts of time!
super game eat alot of good gaming time plus it has some well made mods
Extremely addictive! I didn’t expect to like this game. I’ve never played a factory simulator before. After playing the demo, I was hooked!  It really brings out a range of emotions while playing. There’s absolute joy when you finally get your base online and start optimizing production. Then there’s anger and rage when those stupid spitters destroy your turrets and now you’re experiencing total base death.  Lastly, there’s resentment. After a couple dozen hours, you realize that the base you spent forever defending, upgrading, and optimizing isn’t going to hold up in the long term. So you’re left with absolute resentment toward yourself, because now you either need to rebuild or start a new base.  10/10
A one of a kind game. The epitome of puzzle games.
 THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROWTHE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW
Absolutely best factory sim out there, takes a minute for you to care but after a while you will lose days of your life.
Game is so addicting, like the crack of video games.
great game you should by it and i loved playing this and geting a roket
!000 hrs isnt enough  
Finally beat after 120h. game is complex an fun.
this game made me trans and injected estrogen into my body 
Great great Game
Grows on you. Though I prefer to play on peaceful mode as those pesky biters keep harassing me and causing unneeded stress otherwise
Addictive
game makes me feel smart and stupid at the same time. the factory must grow.
well optimized. very fun. can't stop playing.  negatives: none.
Masterpiece
My friends dragged my sorry ass to a trash planet and stranded me there. 10/10 would recommend.
Amazing game, glad I didn't buy it until recently, kind of regret buying it because it's so easy to spend 5 minutes on this game and by the time I get off it's been 10 hours.  The developers really spent the time spoon feeding the player into a slow progression with just enough push back, I almost thought I ruined my run by attacking every hive I could find, but by the time I started increasing my factory sizes it became obvious that I was only in the learning phase, and am now surrounded by hives.  I'm glad I didn't watch any youtube tutorials before playing, 10/10 addicting game, I love the old 90's feel of starcraft and fallout, they really nailed the aesthetic
After finally getting the motivation and time to beat Factorio with SpaceAge DLC i can say that this is one of if not the best factory game to exist. The sheer complexity you can entertain yourself with when growing your factory and interplanetary logistic network is a level ive never seen any game related achieve. The tens of hours ive spend just designing blueprints to then see them come to life is great and the same can be said for creating ships. While there is heavy debate on quality to this day the fact that it is optional is a great choice from Wube and I hope 2.1 improves the game to greater heights. The inclusion of a postgame science to push yourself even further and to truly turn your base into a megafactory will have me returning for years to come and with nothing but positive reviews for anyone who is on the fence for playing this game. To end this review while the game can seem a bit scary at first due to all that research you will have to do, I strongly recommend you stick it out and push on because I did the same and I will never regret it.
need more GREEN circuits!!!
its alright
One of many legends in the factory building communities.
Disappointed.  This is a good game, but not great. Very good design, fast, QoL is great, controls are well designed. But too simple. As a Oxygen Not Included I can see a difference. Factorio 2.0 does not have replay value, it become very repetetive. I played twice and see no reason to repeat. There is a single manufacturing building  assembler/factory, and all you do is endless connections.  ONI is a blast. I played 30 times on different planets and different challenges. It funny and requires design choices. Compare, in Factorio you just slap a steam generator, and in ONI you design your steam generator, including (if you experienced) a relief valve. You deal with gases, liquids, solids and temperatures which changes it states.   Factorio is too simple. Maybe the new expansion  is better? 
I paused my crack to play this game 11/10
GASIUS RUNTZIUS MAXIMUS
Still learning the game (300+ hours). Scared to start with biters.
I may or may not have made a couple doohickeys and widgets and contraptions and such
If you value your free time, your sleep, or your social life... don't buy this. If you want to feel like a genius because a blue box multiplied a coal by -1... buy it immediately.   10/10.
oh no... it's only been a week... it's in my brain... i think about her, the factory, all the time... have i missed a work shift? is the sun closer to rising or setting?
Only install if you have at least 500 hours to kill
💎
best game
just love it!. I'm a pixel game lover
2 addicting
 "Good management consists in showing average people how to do the work of superior people."
Takes a bit to understand, but once it clicks, it's really satisfying and easy to lose track of time<3 10/10
i still dont know how to play
One of the best games ever made
Israel Simulator
yessss factory game i love building factory
Cracktorio
great game!
Amazing game, if you have a friend who tells you to get this game, then they are not trying to scam you, because this game is amazing. Really love the space age stuff and the amazing mods this game has. The tutorial (first 200 hours of playing) is fun because you explore the game and see how things work, and then game is also amazing after that because you know how the game works and it's still engaging. I would recommend playing this game with a friend or 2, then you can sit and play the game for hours forgetting what the time is. The only part that I don't like is how daunting it feels to play this game alone, so that's why I prefer to play it MP. The alternative gamemodes are fine, the Wave Defence being my favorite, I wish it got an update to make it even more fun to play it. Overall, this game is one of my alltime favorite games I've played. It's up there with the classics I grew up with, and the fact that the game doesn't insist on having amazing graphics is actually a good thing, because that means that the focus is on the gameplay and progression.
I lost 102 hours in less than ten days and I'm close to going back for more without having touched mods, the DLC, or anything of the sort. I have to stop my playtime here before I forget what the sun looks like.   The game is a constant puzzle whose difficulty is determined by your hubris, or your ignorance, and yet each time that loop of Problem -> Troubleshooting -> Solution remains satisfying.
If you enjoy building, problem-solving, optimizing for efficiency- maybe crunching some numbers here and there-, resource management, and varying amounts of pressure from enemies (configurable in settings) then this is the game for you!  This game will probably run on a potato.
The factory must grow
the factory MUST grow
the indisputable number 1 game in the "asberger-like" genre.
THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW
I have tried Factorio Demo few times and it never grasped me, until last year.  I started playing Automation games with Satisfactory early 2025, and after reaching the last "stage" on that game, I paused due to overwhelming on requirements, and decided to give Factorio a second chance while my Satisfactory burn out cleared (it never did).  My first issues with the game was the management of the belts, I didn't understand how it worked; is the items per minute referencing one side, both sides, why is it on the left and not on the right, how can I make it go to the other side, or make it fill both sides, etc. I just had to watch a quick video to understand the mechanic and quickly learned how to manage my belts. Afterwards, how to manage the Automated Crafting with Assemblers. I want to build an Electric Mining Drill, and I need ingredientes from both Iron and Copper, I need X of this and Y of that. I decided to craft a long belt for each ingredient but it started growing too much and oftentimes the end of the belt didn't have resources to craft anything. Started capping output chests, moving the mid-ingredients to be crafted on site, only moving the basic ones through the starting belts, etc. Then you unlock liquids, another few hours to learn how they work (thankfully they're easier now it seems, previously the length of pipes affected the liquid rate, but now its just static). You work on your first Oil Refiners, and then start producing new fuel, you unlock train, can transport stuff faster now, then you unlock Robots, that can help you build stuff, then you learn about Blueprinting, easy as Copy Paste, saving them, organizing them on books, splitting by usage, etcetera. It's a never ending cycle of create, find ways to improve efficiency, update, make small adjustments, repeat.  In the end, I was able to finish base game, which is great by itself, then decided to give the DLC a try too on a new save, and was able to finish that too, gave me good 300 hours of gameplay for the money.  I really suggest to try the Demo first and see if it fits your liking; at the beginning I didn't really click with it, but I don't know what changed the second time I tried it out, but it did click. Most probably I changed, and my likings did.
hell yeah game
Factory game with built in mod support. cant really complain. kinda sad the space stuff is paid for now though
cracktorio
my adhd is always stopping me from progressing to the next step. i have rebuilt my factory countless times because its in a spot i dont like. biters are constantly expanding to the areas i plan on claiming but my adhd is telling me that i am not producing enough circuits to satisfy my factories demands so i focus on that instead. there's a war going on in my head where two sides are telling me to do different things which results in me sitting afk and watching factorio videos instead. did i forget to mention that i constantly forget to pause when i am untabbed? i am a little over 100 hours in, two different save files each with 50 hours approx. and i still havent even built my first rocket.   other than that, amazing game. i love factory simulators so much.  edit: i just beat the game :))))))
It's Good
W game
THE ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ FACTORY MUST GRRROOOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW  BTW the game is also really nice and optimized even i can play ts with my ass buns puns ph aahh pc
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ duuuuude
Spaghetti.
Cool game!!!
i like making potions to research and yeah it addict
This is one of the games of all time. I haven't played enough of it. Would play 10 times over
ADHD Medication helps
Autism activated
meow meow meow meow meow
can be really overwhelming in the tutorial. but i guess if you pull through, you'll love it.
i think im getting smarter, i feel like ive studied physics for a few years   ⠀⠀⠀⠠⣤⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣤⣤⠤⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⢈⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⣅⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⢠⣴⣿⡿⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⠿⣿⣷⣦⡀⠀⠀⠀ ⢀⣴⣿⡷⠋⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⠻⣿⣿⣦⡀⠀ ⣾⣿⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⣿⣷⠀ ⣿⣿⣿⣧⠀⠀⠀⠘⣦⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣴⡇⠀⠀⠀⢀⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⠀ ⠹⣿⣿⣿⣷⣦⣄⡀⣿⣱⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⢿⣧⣠⣴⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠃⠀ ⠀⠈⠛⢷⣿⣟⡿⠿⠿⡟⣓⣒⣛⡛⡛⢟⣛⡛⠟⠿⣻⢿⣿⣻⡿⠛⠉⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⢠⣴⢻⡭⠖⡉⠥⣈⠀⣐⠂⡄⠔⢂⢦⡹⢬⡕⠊⠳⠈⢿⣳⡄⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⢀⣼⣷⣋⠲⢮⣁⠀⣐⠆⡤⢊⣜⡀⡾⣀⠀⢠⢻⣌⣤⣥⣓⣌⢻⣄⠀⠀⠀ ⢰⣟⣽⢳⣯⣝⣦⡀⠓⡤⢆⠇⠂⠄⠤⡝⣂⠋⠖⢋⠀⣡⣶⣾⡿⡷⣽⡿⣄⠀ ⢸⣿⡜⢯⣿⣿⣿⣷⣿⣤⣧⣶⣬⣝⣃⣓⣈⣥⣶⣿⣾⣿⣿⢣⠇⢻⡞⣯⣹⠆ ⠀⢻⣼⣯⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠟⡔⡯⢧⢟⣟⣱⠟⠀ ⠀⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡟⡼⡼⢁⡌⢼⡟⠁⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⣿⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⣿⢇⡼⢃⡿⣼⣛⡿⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⣧⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣯⠟⣡⣫⣢⢏⣼⡵⠋⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⢸⣿⣏⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⢿⣿⡾⢕⣻⣽⣵⠿⠛⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠘⢷⣮⣿⡼⢭⡟⠳⠞⡖⢛⣶⣷⣯⡶⠟⠛⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠉⠛⠛⠛⠿⠟⠛⠛⠋⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠠⣤⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣤⣤⠤⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⢈⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⣅⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⢠⣴⣿⡿⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⠿⣿⣷⣦⡀⠀⠀⠀ ⢀⣴⣿⡷⠋⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⠻⣿⣿⣦⡀⠀ ⣾⣿⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⣿⣷⠀ ⣿⣿⣿⣧⠀⠀⠀⠘⣦⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣴⡇⠀⠀⠀⢀⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⠀ ⠹⣿⣿⣿⣷⣦⣄⡀⣿⣱⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⢿⣧⣠⣴⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠃⠀ ⠀⠈⠛⢷⣿⣟⡿⠿⠿⡟⣓⣒⣛⡛⡛⢟⣛⡛⠟⠿⣻⢿⣿⣻⡿⠛⠉⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⢠⣴⢻⡭⠖⡉⠥⣈⠀⣐⠂⡄⠔⢂⢦⡹⢬⡕⠊⠳⠈⢿⣳⡄⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⢀⣼⣷⣋⠲⢮⣁⠀⣐⠆⡤⢊⣜⡀⡾⣀⠀⢠⢻⣌⣤⣥⣓⣌⢻⣄⠀⠀⠀ ⢰⣟⣽⢳⣯⣝⣦⡀⠓⡤⢆⠇⠂⠄⠤⡝⣂⠋⠖⢋⠀⣡⣶⣾⡿⡷⣽⡿⣄⠀ ⢸⣿⡜⢯⣿⣿⣿⣷⣿⣤⣧⣶⣬⣝⣃⣓⣈⣥⣶⣿⣾⣿⣿⢣⠇⢻⡞⣯⣹⠆ ⠀⢻⣼⣯⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠟⡔⡯⢧⢟⣟⣱⠟⠀ ⠀⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡟⡼⡼⢁⡌⢼⡟⠁⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⣿⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⣿⢇⡼⢃⡿⣼⣛⡿⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⣧⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣯⠟⣡⣫⣢⢏⣼⡵⠋⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⢸⣿⣏⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⢿⣿⡾⢕⣻⣽⣵⠿⠛⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠘⢷⣮⣿⡼⢭⡟⠳⠞⡖⢛⣶⣷⣯⡶⠟⠛⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠉⠛⠛⠛⠿⠟⠛⠛⠋⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠠⣤⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣤⣤⠤⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⢈⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⣅⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⢠⣴⣿⡿⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⠿⣿⣷⣦⡀⠀⠀⠀ ⢀⣴⣿⡷⠋⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⠻⣿⣿⣦⡀⠀ ⣾⣿⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⣿⣷⠀ ⣿⣿⣿⣧⠀⠀⠀⠘⣦⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣴⡇⠀⠀⠀⢀⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⠀ ⠹⣿⣿⣿⣷⣦⣄⡀⣿⣱⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⢿⣧⣠⣴⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠃⠀ ⠀⠈⠛⢷⣿⣟⡿⠿⠿⡟⣓⣒⣛⡛⡛⢟⣛⡛⠟⠿⣻⢿⣿⣻⡿⠛⠉⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⢠⣴⢻⡭⠖⡉⠥⣈⠀⣐⠂⡄⠔⢂⢦⡹⢬⡕⠊⠳⠈⢿⣳⡄⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⢀⣼⣷⣋⠲⢮⣁⠀⣐⠆⡤⢊⣜⡀⡾⣀⠀⢠⢻⣌⣤⣥⣓⣌⢻⣄⠀⠀⠀ ⢰⣟⣽⢳⣯⣝⣦⡀⠓⡤⢆⠇⠂⠄⠤⡝⣂⠋⠖⢋⠀⣡⣶⣾⡿⡷⣽⡿⣄⠀ ⢸⣿⡜⢯⣿⣿⣿⣷⣿⣤⣧⣶⣬⣝⣃⣓⣈⣥⣶⣿⣾⣿⣿⢣⠇⢻⡞⣯⣹⠆ ⠀⢻⣼⣯⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠟⡔⡯⢧⢟⣟⣱⠟⠀ ⠀⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡟⡼⡼⢁⡌⢼⡟⠁⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⣿⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⣿⢇⡼⢃⡿⣼⣛⡿⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⣧⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣯⠟⣡⣫⣢⢏⣼⡵⠋⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⢸⣿⣏⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⢿⣿⡾⢕⣻⣽⣵⠿⠛⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠘⢷⣮⣿⡼⢭⡟⠳⠞⡖⢛⣶⣷⣯⡶⠟⠛⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠉⠛⠛⠛⠿⠟⠛⠛⠋⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
Addicting
AMAZING, just, i have no words to DESCRIBE HOW GOOD THIS GAME IS!!!
factory build.  good. monsters. bad
Good! But ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Gleba...
The factory must grow very amusing and plenty of game variation and time taken.
Best game ever, I have almost 1.5k hours in it and cannot stop playing it. Space Age bring the game to a whole new level, but would recommend completing base game first!
Fantastic Game, Looking forward to several new games and to check out Space Age!!!
Enjoyable game, but the research amounts could be lessened
The factory MUST grow
Genre defining and digital cocaine
Best industry sandbox ever, just you and your imagination
The. Factory. Must. Grow.
Good game. One of those games that you open up at 10 PM and suddenly the sun is rising. Heaven for perfectionists who try to build the most efficient or the biggest factory possible.  
Game is very good and akin to smoking crack. It's insane how addicting, incredibly detailed and logistic this game is. Time flies by, so it shows how fun it is.  I do have some things to say. The game is quite odd when talking about certain aspects. Like some pretty common and important QoL aspects are missing (perhaps intentional?), like the fact you can't trash items or you can't really designate what items go on which lanes of your belts without doing some trickery with the inserters or the way how certain mechanics in the game work. No recycling old items like old guns or complex materials too.  Other than that the game is good, albeit a bit rough around the edges.
You will either get bored in a few hours or in a few thousand hours. the days will evaporate before your eyes as the all consuming factory occupies your mind through all waking, sleeping, working hours of the day. The factory must grow. Also it runs good on a potato
i need more autism for this
good 
ts is like herion
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ peak
GREAT
The factory must grow i have not seen the outside in months i  only know that the factory must expand and that resources  i need more
.
Это кусака. Кусака - кусает
good, i like it, its the best factory game on stream. (for me its tied between factorio and satisfactory)
Schizo moment
I switched to Linux as my permanent Daily Driver and I looked through ProtonDB for games to try out.  Forgot I had this game and started playing it again.  This game is beginning to consume me.  I'd ask to send for help, but I seem to have a rocket I need to build myself to get out of here.  Oh yeah, works great on Linux too as well I guess.
It's good.
the playtime goes up by many hours everytime i press the play button. Strange.
Good factory game nice gameplay
great game  
nurch
At first glance, Factorio can look overwhelming — menus everywhere, conveyor belts going in every direction, and enough systems to make your brain buffer for a second. It’s easy to think it might be too complicated or that it won’t quite hit that automation itch. But give it a real chance. Once things start clicking, the game quietly pulls you into a loop of “just one more improvement,” and suddenly hours disappear.  Factorio doesn’t just scratch the automation itch — it demolishes it. Every problem has a smarter solution, every factory can be optimized, and every small upgrade feels ridiculously satisfying. Watching a messy setup slowly evolve into a perfectly flowing machine is pure dopamine.  If you enjoy problem-solving, efficiency, or building systems that grow bigger than you ever planned, this game will hook you hard. Fair warning: you may sit down for 30 minutes and look up to discover it’s somehow tomorrow.
the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow the factorio must grow
THE POWER OF INDUSTRY
Factorio is a lot of fun, and coming back for version 2.0 has been a genuine joy.  
This game is crack
If you're into engineering and automation, this game is likely to hit the mark for you. Beware, it may easily entertain you to an extent where you completely forget about time passing in the outer world. All in all, I'd give it the highest rating
What is there to comment?? This is simply a great game. As addictive as it is, it's hard to stop playing.
Factorio it has only just begun
Great factory building game. The progression teaches you everything, you don´t need to rely on wikis or tutorials and can progress on your own pace. There´s always something new to research or something old to repair or improve, simply said there isn´t any downtime nor waiting while playing.
this game hits like crack for a specific type of person, if you play 10 hours you'll know if thats you
fix game 
I keep coming back this game, even though I've never mastered it. it's just fun!
the game is genuinely enjoyable to a point where it gets concerning. you can easily lose track of time trying to improve iron production per hour or whatever
it's hard to stop  playing, good mod experience, space exploration has done numbers, love the gooner skins
i open factorio. build my factory for a bit. 2 am.
whats there to say the factory musst grow
amazing. if you love to build stuff and see your results of your builds and your creativity, then you will love this game. The game  leaves it up to you on how fast you want to go , how big you want to go, and there is really no limits to what you can imagine and then expand on that imagination and creativity.
i cant stop worth it'
kutas
10
absolute colonialism
Fantastic game, albeit with a pretty steep learning curve and there a few tutorials missing, for example one that explain circuits, you have to learn about them outside of the game and that, is really annoying.
worth every cent 10/10
A MASTERPIECE OF GAME 
I have more than 2000h in this game. Space Age did ruin it for me. It added a complexity that is no fun for me anymore. But the even greater downside and killer for me is the community which is full of "Mr. Smart Pants" personalities with a "You don't understand that? Just how stupid are you exactly?" attitude.
if you think this game is bad the ur WRONG AF!!
The OG factory builder. This is game is the benchmark for all other factory games.
Cracktorio is a thing!  If you like building things with increasingly more complexity and then find out your Build has a fundamental design Issue and then rebuild the whole thing with the help of Drones that do all the work so you can spend even more time expanding and advancing, this could be the Game your looking for.   Be aware that at some point you might experience some kind of "timeloss" when you look to the watch and ask yourself where the last 4 hrs went. xD  And if your done with the "normal" Game, there are tons of Mods to try out and ofc. the Joy of Multiplayer. :)  10/10 Very Satisfying!
Your life will become one with Factorio. There is no escape, the factory must grow.
Somehow everytime I launch Factorio I seem to black out and regain consciousness 10 hours later. Would recommend instead of drugs.
Factorio is one of the most addictive and well-designed automation games I have ever played. The gameplay loop of building, optimizing, and expanding your factory is incredibly satisfying. You start by placing a few machines and belts, and before you know it, several hours have passed and your factory has tripled in size. The famous rule of the game really is true: the factory must grow.  The depth of the systems, the performance even with massive factories, and the freedom in how you design everything make this game amazing. If you enjoy automation, logistics, and solving problems, this game can easily keep you busy for hundreds of hours.  My only complaint is the pricing policy. The game costs around 32 euros, which might be perfectly fine in some countries, but in others it can feel quite expensive. On top of that, the game never goes on sale. I understand the developers’ decision, but occasional discounts would make it easier for more people to try the game.  Honestly, if this game had sales sometimes, it would easily be a 10/10 for me. Until then, it’s a 9/10… because apparently the factory grows, but the discounts don’t.
♥♥♥♥, I love this game
As a Czech, this game is one of the few things in make me proud to be Czech.  I absolutely gamed out of the demo, and played many many factory games, I factorized Rimworld, and I can say that this is infact, like crack. It has been 35 hours of game time. But it feels like I've been in this place for minutes, and years at the same time.  this game will throw you engineering challenges that make you want to shrivle up and die, but when you finally solve it like a intricate puzzle, it feels so good, even that even ADHD won't stop you when you start.  The community may seem extremely over-exaggarative with this being "digital crack" but no, this game should be classified as a drug
the factory must grow
mom's spaghetti
i love cooking fine italian cuisine
This ♥♥♥♥'s crack. I've done crack and this ♥♥♥♥ is crack. This is no exaggeration. The second day I just had to do another, and another. I knew exactly what time it was, I had to work the next day. But I needed another hit, and another, and another. I was up till 5.....
help me
Look, I’m just an inserter, alright?  One minute I’m minding my own business in a chest, the next some sleep-deprived engineer plonks me down and suddenly I’m running a 24-hour logistics operation with zero breaks and zero pay.  “Just grab the iron plates and put them in the assembler.”  Yeah? Just do it, he says. Meanwhile the belt is moving at the speed of light, the assembler is screaming for more copper, and the whole factory collapses the moment I miss one item.  Do I get appreciation? No.  The second the research finishes I’m ripped out of the ground and replaced by some smug fast inserter with blue paint and a superiority complex.  “Oh look at me, I’m faster.”  Mate, I’ve been here since the burner phase, feeding coal into machines while the engineer was still hand-crafting gears like a caveman.  And the stack inserters? Don’t even start. Show-offs. Moving four items at once like they’re some kind of forklift royalty.  But when your megabase is running perfectly and every belt is saturated…  Just remember who’s been standing here for 80 straight hours, silently grabbing your junk and putting it somewhere else.  Me.  Now if you could kindly rotate me the right way, that’d be great. I’ve been putting iron plates into a stone furnace for ten minutes.
One of the all time greats! BUY it!
THE FACTORY CONTINUES TO GROW 
I learned blender before properly learning trains
What time is it?
this game is straight crack
Very addictive.
The factory must grow!
Addictive, fun!
OMG WHY IS IT SO GOOD, QUITE ADDITIVE BUT SO WORTH IT
This game will haunt your dreams, in the best way possible.
addicting, I use this game to relax after stressing about my engineering work
Had a great time building big machines and fighting bugs
"Tell ya what, this crack is a bit moreish"
Some would call it "a stupid indie game" and i would say " calling it and indie game is not an insult"  -sonny 2026
9.5/10
What seems to be quite mandane gameplay when you first start the game, just gathering and combining simple ingredients; you will find a nice skill creep as you progress in the game. The game rewards you decently. As you progress to get better, so will the skill creep be, to learn how to improve your game play to be more efficient.
60 hours and I still feel like i know nothing  10/10
Took some time to warm up to it, but when it clicks its all I can think about now
The Factory must grow.
Very good game, addicting tho.
Nvm this game is peak
good
In the grand scheme of things, Factorio is a giant puzzle game. Every challenge in the game can be solved by just connecting two buildings in the correct way, with infinite space and resources at your hand and even zero time pressure if you play in peaceful mode. Once that's done, you might need to add more buildings, so things can progress a little faster. Rinse and repeat. Eventually, you'll find yourself in the middle of a sprawling factory! It does not need to look clean or be perfectly balanced in order to be working - In fact, truly organically grown factories containing a lot of "belt spaghetti" even add to the puzzle element and consequently, to the fun. You can always clean up later, or just move a bit to the left and just build a second factory.  Yes, you can spend a lot of time rebuilding, optimizing, programming your own machinery through circuitry, or add pressure by cranking up the enemies to play it as a brutal tower defense, but all of that is optional. Once you got the hang of the base game, there's a huge amount of complete overhaul and quality of life mods to mold the game into a shape that's more fitting to your playstyle - the official Space Age DLC is basically just one of them, so don't worry about that (or it's pricetag) for now.  The Factorio devs promised the game will never go on sale and stayed true to that for ten years now, so if you want to give it a try, just go ahead. The Factory is waiting to grow!
The Factory must grow :)  Great game!
I just want to give it a thumbs up.  Great game.
Rocket go brrrr
mamalon
I got hooked in immediately by the ability to automate whatever you want. The biters constantly trying to destroy everything you love adds a nice distraction to making your factory, I recommend getting the space age DLC from the get go aswell.
Happiness is a full main bus.
Minecraft vibes with emphasis on building. using specific crafts and buildings. The choice is haphazard planning or meticulous layouts.
господи боже
The Factory Must Grow.
One of the best games ever made.
Ahuenno
c
the factory must grow 
heard spaghetti and meatballs is good
Almost 3000 hours later, how could I not recommend it? If you like this kind of game, chances are you'll like Factorio a bit too much for your own good.  Base game lasted me 100 hours or so, but then I dove into mods. The mod scene for Factorio is incredible. I found my poison in the Angel+Bob modpack, which now probably accounts for half of my total playtime, if not more.  So much time wasted. Not an ounce of regret.
Honestly I found the game to be very high quality, well made, and very frustrating. the game simulates every aspect of software engineering, including some stupid creature smashing part of your work apart while you're  trying to solve a puzzle. except in this game you get to shoot that stupid stinking beast in the face. which feels nice.  That said, I did find that the game needed something, and I discovered a lovely mod that let me be a trans lesbian and set my pronouns as xer//xerself. 9/10 for the base game, 10/10 modded
Hi Im BigDelicious and I'm a factorio addict
Honestly it is good just wish there was more dlc's
Base game factorio is addicting. Space Age factorio is like snorting the purest cocaine in existence and then getting kicked in the balls while heavy metal tears apart your ear drums and vibrates your whole body.  10/10 highly recommend
its so peak.
this is crack
I love trains
good game
its good but gets quite tedious like satisfactory with stage two of the space elevator. i do like the guns and other weaponry given to you as you advance up the research tech tree.  great game but if youre like me i recommend short sessions.
Нормальная игра

This game keep your brains running.
This game fills a hole in your life. However *COMA* it creates a new one too
played for 80 hours in 2 weeks while also having a full time job and being a full time student....it's okay
the cog wants to automate the universe @_@
yuh
yes
The factory must expand 
Most addictive game of all time.
Grew up on Italian food so I really like making spaghetti in game.

the factory must grow 
mmmm polution
Good Game
Starts simple and evolves into an addiction
Factory must grow
All right. This game is hard. This game breaks your brain. It will take you to the peaks of euphoria and the depths of dispair. You will look upon a flawlessly running system you spend hours on and feel prouder than your parents ever were of you. You will then curl into fetal position and cry after realizing you built it 1 square from where it absolutely had to go. These 60 hours of mine are but a glimpse of what is in store for me here. This is easily the most addictive game I've played,
Pretty good however it loads slower than a game made in 2009 and you need to be slightly autistic to play it
great game  
Very fun factory building game and easy-ish to mod
You don't need any other drug when you start playing this.
Just do it.
the factory must grow
perfect game, refunded bc i realized i wouldnt be able to stop playing if i didnt
Do you have a job? Friends? Are you in a relationship? Or maybe you even have kids? Well you can kiss all of them goodbye because all those emotions and memories will fade into non-existence as soon as you touch this game. The touch of a woman, the taste of your favourite dish, or even the first cries of your newborn child mean nothing compared to the emotions you will feel, after figuring out your perfect conveyor layout. Or maximized the sh*t out of your production line. This is not a game. This is a full-time commitment and you better be ready for it.
the factory must grow
Popka pipca
the factory must grow join the factory mind our logistic network will span the universe
Top of the line autism simulator, very much liked thank you
it grows.
Just a little more and I'll finish the tutorial
One of my all time favorites. Game is extremely addictive and enjoyable.
My never-ending excitement from expanding my base, and those colorful items on belts are to die for.  The nightmares of my base stopping bc of a destroyed power pole gives me severe anxiety though.
The factory game that has been copied as the basis for the majority of modern factory games, and despite the simple art style, still one of the best. Its easy enough to run, I got fine FPS back a long time ago on Pentium Anniversary and gtx750ti combo, but that was before space age was released so have only tested on a much faster PC since, Space age adds a LOT to the game, it is worth the doubling of price it entails, but the combined price really isn't cheap and note is basically doesn't do discounts or sales. The constant time pressure also sort of removes the decoration or cozyness that many of the games loosely based on the mechanics sort of evolved. Neither the less, if you put the first 4-5hrs in to really get started, most people will get hooked and do 100.
The Factory Must Grow.
The factory has grown 👍
Espectacular
Found myself getting sucked into building the best factory layout for the production of an item for 3 hours when I could of crafted it manualy in 3 minutes. Shows how fun setting up the automation is.
Very fun. Enjoy the pollution aspect, feels realistic and gives me an opportinity to wreck the environment. Great way to learn about how you can detroy trees, kill wildlife and detroy their habitats.
FACTORY
.
I gave up at the endgame. I built the rocket silo I thought would mean I had won the game, only to find out I  needed to grind out a bunch more items to get the parts to build the rocket. The thought of hunting down more ingredients, clearing out the bugs, building the same walls, the same train tracks, the same electric poles, the same turrets, the same infrastructure to get the oil from the same oil extraction process was too much. I procrastinated for a bit before just giving up entirely.  This is a sunk cost fallacy game. By the time you realize the tech tree will not reward you with anything interesting you have already spent too many hours already playing, so you just try to reach the endgame to make it worthwhile.  Completing the tech tree is the only objective in the game and it is dull. It's just building basic items to throw into the research building to make the progress bar grow. You don't get tech that seriously helps you make the research items after about the first third of tech tree, but you have to keep making a larger volumes of the same basic research items as your resources deplete and you have to expand further and further outward on the map. If you somehow built the perfect factory, if you took one look at the map and figured out where to put all the conveyor belts and robotic arms and power plants that would maximize efficiency without having to run away later adjusting the outputs, your reward would be just sitting around waiting for the progress bar to go up.
Build vast artiFISHal compounds and connect them with powerful train networks. Create systems that are truly beneFISHal for your ever-growing mega-factory.  Master logistics, automation, and engineering until your proFISHency reaches its peak.  This game has everything—industry, trains, massive production lines…  But most of all…  FISH. 🐟
Never thought building a factory would be so addicting
I finally launched a rocket. It's a great game that I'll play again because it's very addictive and I plan to play Space Age.
Really well made and fun game.
Mmmmhhhh, factory go brrrrrt.
Good Game. Factory grows.
big factroy 🚗🧲
best game of all time
Amazing game, but it will consume your life
Incredible game! The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow.
HIGHLY fun, and HIGHLY addictive.
In 2 weeks i got 32 hours and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ up my school life
adicted
yes
Careful, this will take over your life. One of the best games ever made.
mühendis
:)
I played this game for a few hours.  It's not bad I guess.
W game would not recommend if you want a life tho 
factory. factory is very good.
I mean its factorio, what can I say. Play it
YES
They should have sent a poet
Captivating gameplay, incredibly satisfying visuals and problem solving. Also amazingly optimized even on lower end hardware. This game could probably run on a calculator.
What can i say about this game.... behold!!! SPAGHETTI BELT SUPREMACY
not my cuppa tea but its a well designed game so ill give it a thumbsup cause it wouldnt be fair to give it a big No (refunded btw)
it's pretty good
Very interesting, engaging, 'thinky' game.  I've had a great time learning the game thus far and there still feels like so much more to learn.
 im taking it slowly but so far this has been a very fun game i just automated blue cience
Very fun logistics simulator. If you like the genre this is the big one. It can be a little hard to get into, but is worth the effort.
this game is pure meth if i don't play the game i will obtain a firearm and mass produce bullets 2 fill the void created by the all mighty coke loop
Digital crack
not bad
Good.
Must? Grow.
gut.   fühlt sich stellenweise zu sehr wie arbeit an --> Wenn man programmierer ist und einen ausgleich für nach der arbeit sucht, ist factorio eher schlecht. Wenn man programmierer ist, und auf der arbeit unterfordert ist, ist factorio ein guter ausgleich.
pretty good
It's a fun game
if youre neurodivergent this game is more addicting than drugs, serously.
Cool game and all, but I couldn't optimize my wife's ultimatum. Good thing blue circuit production is up 23%... In unrelated news, the audacity of her to claim half my resources in THE DIVORCE is such a biter move... Tis only a minor setback, The factory MUST GROW!
Somebody call for help. I cant turn this game off and i have to work tomorrow.
slaps beyond recognition
god's gift to neurodivergent people
Epic game. Very well made.
One of my favorite games of all time.
very very fun and creative
My brain hurt, and I kinda like it. I'm scared.
great game with great levels of confusion
THOSE DAMN ENVIRONMENTALISTS ARE RUINING MY ALL TIME PROFITS
I was initially skeptical of Factorio because the vibe is kind of grim, and before you learn the mechanics it can feel grindy. However, fundamentally, this game is a masterclass in game design. It reveals layer after layer of complexity as you're ready for it, fractally expanding until the point that you've built things you couldn't have conceived of.  Now, I'm predisposed to love Factorio since I love building things and thinking about systems. Factorio is basically "Systems Thinking: The Game". You're presented with an initial very simple system, and you work through how to build and run it. Over and over, you discover new problems and new tools for overcoming problems. By the time you fully understand a problem and it starts to become uninteresting, the game gives you a way to automate it away.  This is all true of the base game, but if you enjoy that then I encourage you to come back after some time away and dig in to the Space Age expansion. I was skeptical how much more they could add, but it deftly adds a ton of new stuff in a way that stays interesting. If you enjoy building and systems and iterating on stuff, then Factorio is a game for you.  My rated time of 300 hours is certainly an over-measurement from having left the game paused in the background overnight a number of times, but it's certainly one of my most-played games of all time, and I still love it. I still haven't finished Space Age, but am at a happy resting point, and one day look forward to coming back and going further.  Oh, and don't sleep on the co-op mode! Building things with other people is fun.
very gut
good
говно
YES
not bad
this is a fact: oreo
autism prime
The greatest masterclass on managing the complexity that you created.
Although i am kinda suck, this fine game isn't.
gem
For some reason, yesterday I got the urge to play Factorio again - first time since pre-release days iirc. I downloaded the game, started a default world, and the next thing I remember was coming back to consciousness 5 hours later, at 2 in the morning. Apparently I built a factory in the meantime, and I had a feeling that it was very interesting the whole time. Factorio is a masterclass in catchy gameplay loops, I just don't think that's a good thing. It grabs your attention effortlessly and does nothing with it but eat up your time. What did I spend those 5 hours on? Setting foundations to make a cripple of another pristine planet? That's great. "The factory must grow" (with the implication that everything else is a lesser priority) sounds like one of those classic pieces of satire completely misunderstood as straight forward message by your average linoleum-level IQ gamer, but it is just that in this game. I got sucked in for 5 hours doing an ugly thing, and the game went "based".  Credit where it's due, the visual artists did a great job on this, the Fallout2-esque aesthetics look very good, no notes.
I have 2200 hours. Nuff said.
I didn't like the demo the first couple of times but the reviews and my fondness for similar games kept bringing me back questioning my prior decision not to buy.  After taking the plunge and learning how to set up a main bus line to feed my factory, as well as discovering that the combat/defence side of things isn't as overwhelming as I had suspected, I can confidently say that I was wrong to pass on this wonderful game.  The devs are right to not offer a discount as the amount of attention to detail and built in support for mods, on top of an already brilliant game, justifies full price while refusing to deploy the shady discount strategies which plague the industry.
good
los esquendos will be vertically integrated into the factory
factory must grow !
Love it!
i havent slept in 3 days and the spidertron is the mother to my children
They don't call it "Cracktorio" for nothing. The single most addicting game of all time. Once you start, you CANNOT stop. Peak automation game, modding support is awesome, DLC is also sick, made me waste an entire month of summer sitting in my room playing this game on my laptop.  9/10 Purchase with caution
Great game. Easily worth the price tag. Don't wait for a sale because I have never seen them do one. Pick it up now as long as you are ok loosing your weekends for the forseable future.
Factorio: Say hello to our humble game  Me: Wow so cool now I shall play game
AMAZING!
download factorio  start a new game  set up basic buildings play for almost 200 hours  only get to yellow research  get broad  download TOO MENY MODS to make game harder  die over and over too small biters and warms (canon event) disable the mods  go back to vanliay game play get broad again  get new mods (dumass mods) make game fun for a few more hours  get broad go back to vanliay gameplay  (i still havent beaten the game yet) (pls give some tips or good blueprints) (my blueprints ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ suck) (thank you :))
Capitalism simulator, also basically THE automation game so its peak
This is more addictive than cocaine, anime women, and fent combined
most addicting game i have ever played may god help my soul (100.7 hours in last 2 weeks at the time of review). exceptional modding API for developers, and exceptional developers. in all of my hours i haven't experienced a single bug of any kind.
I am only about 11 hours in at time of review, but I am happy to say this far in that I get it. This feels like a cozy game for people who suck at decorating, and generally being "cozy". If you spend time in a game making things neat, with straight lines, tidy, and operating at maximum efficiency, but are totally lost on how to make it look pretty, there is a high likelihood you will enjoy the heck out of Factorio. Listen to the guides on Youtube that tell you to just play the game first. The fun for me lies in finding that AHA moment when something starts working or you find how to use the pieces you are given to make a product better. Some days you get mad, quit, lay in bed at night thinking about how to make that darn piece more efficiently, and try again. This game was a bit of a leap of faith for me, but I am so happy I did it. Would highly recommend even if you dont think you like factory games.
1. Join pub game. 2. Make a fish machine. 3. Worship fish. 4. Leave to hang out with my friends. 5. Rejoin. 6. See that they made a cult about fish.  Overall 10/10 game
Fun, got it as a distraction while my dad was in the hospital, but I didn't get as much time to play it as I wanted. I don't think it will take me away from Satisfactory though.
its jolly
It's alright, 7/10
If you want to get out of the factory, you can try to substitute Factorio with some other, less addictive, drugs like crack or heroine.
The factory is eternal.
I love this game.
Amazing game
Good game, what can I say more
amazing. nothing to add
i liked the game because it: involves planning and thinking has very good animations & visibility also involves materials, and the problem with getting them is great for families
I lets my autism run rampage.
8 pm, i wanted to play on my world for like an hour or something. "hmm, i think i could make this more efficient" i play for ~2 hours (at least thats what i thought), and then saw the time. 4:53 AM. 10/10
games amazing and hella fun for anyone who also enjoyed statisfactory ngl especially when research starts ramping up 
horrible game, like a time machine.
ADHD haven
Just the best auromation game in the genre. Easily worth the price, good mod support, optimised to the extreme. I have no negatives really.
its a game
good
need help quitting crack? try this game! 
This game is simply amazing! great brain game and its only limit is your thinking power! buy this game and the expansion worth every penny!
Digital crack
good game <3
yes
The factory always needs more iron.
The game is addictive and you will not want to put it down. The factory must grow and your only constraint is your bladder.
This game is genuinely the most fun I've ever had playing a video game. Could not recommend it more. Beware - you will not sleep, and when you do you will dream of this game.
Don't know whats worse for you, drugs or this game. Either way THE FACTORY MUST GROW
The O.G. of factory games.
Its pretty good
good game
Quite good fun
I launched my first rocket.  Now I can finally start the tutorial.
facortry
Very good game
I love how you can pollute the environment.
Its epic, just do it.
this game is crack, i hate it.  11/10 please dont get it for your own sake you'll hate yourself -update ive owned the game for less than a week and have spent nearly 14 hours on it.
good factory game 
Very great game the FACTORY MUST GROW!!!
when i downloaded Factorio for the first time  i did not expect it to be sooooooooooooooooooo adicction.  after work i randomly startet playing Factorio at 18:00 and played nonstop till 04:00. 2h Sleep and 6 it was time for work. and so did The Cycle stated for about a 4 Weeks. Weekend was +40 h playing nonstop. i did about 300h  in factorion on my frist 30 days….  10/10 would repeat ! 
This game is fantastic! I wasn't really expecting much out of this game even after the positive things I've heard about it, but it's so rare to see a game that, while not being completely original, excels at so much at what it tries to do!  When I first played this game, I felt that it was a cookie clicker meets tower defense game, so I was already hooked. What I didn't expect was an almost puzzle game like core gameplay loop introduced into the mix. Basically, you play as an engineer who crash lands on a planet and has to build a rocket to escape. You're given access to very little materials and even less knowledge. You're also being attacked by the enemies in the game called biters and spitters (the tower defense part). You use a bunch of automation machines and setups in order to increase the speed, productivity, and efficiency to reach your goal of launching the rocket (the Cookie Clicker part). This core gameplay loop is actually deeper than that as it can be as simple as putting whatever device wherever it's needed for the time being, but being optimal is the name of the game so it's better to find faster ways of placing machines in your base(s) without solely relying on the number of buildings or speed of individual buildings. It's an interesting setup since on modification to your base can have knock-on effects in ways you may not be prepared for (that's where the puzzle part of it comes into play). The core loop is deceptively simple but you can beat this game if you have enough patience and I find that's inspiring.  What I really appreciate about this games is that you're not going to get it right on the first try. However, that's not expected of you and you get to progress at your own pace. It makes future runs equally as enjoyable as your first run because of this. The game teaches you to be patient with yourself if you're willing to learn and give you many tools to make it easier in a way that doesn't feel patronizing. After all, in this game, just because someone gives you a setup, that doesn't mean you're not responsible for making work nor does it mean it'll work well with everything else. It's also amazing how this game makes you feel so smart for making a single step. If you get stuck and pause because you're confused or need to try to understand how something works better, you're still making progress since you either have machines running in the background still producing stuff, or the situation isn't dire enough to worry you.   There's very little negative I can say about this game. Most of the issues that I have with it is the fact that some upgrades are completely useless and some items are completely outclassed by others in a way that doesn't entirely work for me. I'll spare the details since these are nitpicks for an otherwise amazing product.  Overall, this game is fun and inspring, a rare gem that you don't see too often. Definitely give it a shot.
I might have a small brain, however this game is peak..... GET IT NOW IT WILL CHANGE YOUR ENTIRE LIFE TRUST ME, YOU WILL FALL INTO DEPRESSION AFTER GETTING YOUR ENTIRE FACTORY DESTROYED, THEN AFTER REBUILDING YOU NUKE THE ♥♥♥♥ OUT OF THOSE BUGS THAT DESTROYED ALL OF YOUR PROGRESS, WHATS STOPPING YOU?? THERE ARE NO WAR CRIMES IN THIS GAME BECAUSE ITS A DIFFERENT PLANET THAN EARTH IS IT NOT??
Honestly, if you haven't played this yet and you're into the automation genre, you're living a shell of the life you could be. It's got it all: moving stuff from one place to another, turning a simple resource into a more advanced one and then some after that, power generation, tech tree/research, combat, upgradable equipment, robots to automate even further, exploration, storage manipulation, logic puzzles with circuits, memorable music, and multiplayer if you're so inclined. One of my favorite things to do is just see how other people solve puzzles with the environment or resource allocation.   The base game and the Space Age DLC are wildly different, and while I did beat the game a few times before it came out, I couldn't see myself ever going back. It compounds upon what you've already learned and then gives you constraints that you have to follow on each different planet. Which a limitation to me just means more creativity in your approach to solving a problem, and I personally enjoy that! [spoiler](Lots of people hate Gleba, but I just think of it more like the closest thing we'll get to a sequel since it is basically normal automation, but every machine requires a specialized fuel instead of just electricity. Between it and Aquilo, it's just another layer of logistics to learn.)[/spoiler]  Even without the DLC, there's a lot going on that makes this a quality game. You get an in-game encyclopedia that gives you virtually all the info you need to know about a tile or entity, a fairly in-depth tutorial for most everything except advanced circuit designs, respawning and corpse-item retrieval if you die, overworld view that you can use to interact with your stuff, programmable alarms hooked up to circuits activating under a certain condition, and it's just fun to watch your factory working. All the pieces coalescing into the end product that you need to win the game. Even after winning, there's infinite research to be done, which prolongs it for as long as you feel. I've had some games go on for 500 hours.  If nothing else, try the demo. It will give you a fairly decent idea if you would like the game or not, and it takes you to science production, which is the crux of progress for the game. If you can't get enough of the original, I feel confident you'll also enjoy Space Age.
Friend really wanted me to play this with him, we played for 4 hours and all I did was automate the production of iron chests, we have split apart now but I am making 4 iron chests a second now so that's cool
help, its like a drug
pretty good
The game that defines the automation genre. 10 out of 10, no notes.
It's one of those games that everyone, no matter what, has to try at least once.
Extremely good. Not called Cracktorio for no reason
Obviously the 1000+ Hour reviews are a great indicator that this game is good, but I would like to review this game as someone who just launched their first rocket:  Pros:  -Optimization is the core gameplay loop, and I think that is incredible -The look of the game reminds me of a classic top down arpg, which i enjoy.  -The art style is 10/10 Cons: -Some seeds feel incredibly unfair compared to others. My win seed was in a forest surrounded by dense resources.  I think an important aspect to learn for a first timer is this: it's okay to start over. This was my 4th attempt at getting through the game, and once I hit late game, I couldn't put it down. I still have trains, post game research, and mods to run through before I even get to space age. Great game 9/10
i might be starting to see why people say this game is addictive. i swear to god i played only for 30 minutes, how is it 6 hours
spend 10 hours building a train station only for the trains to crash in the next 10 minutes PEAK GAME
this game saved my marriage
Its factorio. period
people who consume drugs, try factorio 
THE factory game
If you like to play for hours on end and become addicted and like factory games. Play this game
Nice game
The best game I've ever had the chance to play. Infinite replayability, good graphics and game mechanics, and a great community
It's pretty fun.
game is good

It is fun
After 1200+ hours, I am just entering the megabase phase. I just need to redesign and upscale my bases on 4 other planets first and then rebuild my ship to use railguns and then... and then... and then...
most confusing game ive ever had the pleasure of witnessing
After I bought this game finally after 5/6 years since last owning I caved and bought it because i still remembered the itch it scratched from the first 40 hours I played of it, I have owned the game for 9 days now and have racked up 80 hours that is nearly 3 days and then some of straight continuous playing. Its intimidating at first and still intimidating you spend half you're time not even advancing but optimizing because you have reached addiction stage after the 2nd hour, welcome. The factory must grow at any cost Factorio=Crack  100% chance of addiction 
infinite dopamine
my absolute favorite game on any system for all time
Fun
‎ 
I ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ love this game!!!!
This is the gold standard of the Automation genre
̸̶̷̷̴̸̴̴̵̸̵̷̴̶̴̸̸̸̵̸̶̶̴̵̶̴̵̸̸̸̶̵̡̨̨̡̧̧̢̡̧̢̨̧̡̡̢̧̡̢̡̡̨̛̛̛̛̰̘̦͍͕̞̝͇̖̫̖̞̮̠͔̼͖̩̝̳̙͖̣̺̘̜̥͚̤̣̹̪͓̦͈̞͎͈̳̩͔̤͖͖̘̺̪̙̮̥̗̦̙͕͙͖̞̠̩̗͉̬̥͙̼̤̞̪͎̠̯̝̼̯̤͙͇̩̼͕̤̘̖̖͚͔͓̞͍̰͚͉͚̠̟̰̙̤̦̱̘̳̖̫̟͎̭̥̣̪̣͕̞̯̟̲̤̬̪̺̠͍̞̦̥͎̭̺̗̙̹̝̞̻͍̝̮͉̫̭̫̥͓͔̰̖͎͚̗̻̼̖͚̞͓̹̲͚̭̥̞̬̤͓͖͙̠̩̻̰̪͔̤͓̳̪̺̭͔̹̼͕̘̬͚̘̲̯͓̙̜̯̯̜̥̘̩͚̞̳̩̮̣̬͖̲͚͙̻̼̻̮͍̻̫̩͕̽̇̋̔̑̃̏͆̅̂̄̃̎́͒̽̿͛̈́͛͛̿͛̓̌͑̌͛̓̌̓̍̈̆̉͐̌͐̀̂͑͊͛́͑̈́̿̑̌̀̋͐̾͛̆͆̾̃̽̌́̏̆̽̊̎̑̀́̉͛̎̒̓̓̋̍͒́̏̈͒̔͗̀̀̋̌̈́̒̏̀̎̓̓́̏͆̽̆̆͆̎̆̇̄̃̉̑́͌͐̋̄̃̀͛̀͐̃͛̍̍̽͌͑̔́̓́͐̈́̈́͌̋̉̈́̇̏͗̊̔̆̐͒͒̃̄̂̉͐͆̒̔̀̽͌̔͒̀̓̚͘̚̚̚̚̚̕̕̚͘̚̚̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅ ̵̴̵̶̷̶̸̶̴̵̴̸̵̧̧̢̧̡̡̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̰̞̟̞̳͇͖̹̼̟̻͚̣̪̠̙̺͕͇̭̝̼̺̣̹̲̘̬̱̜̭̼̬̲̬͈͉̜̯̥̫͕̠͇͍̠̩͙̣̱̪͔̫͈̟͈̫͕̖̟͔̆͗͂͐̿̐̐͂̓̉̍̈́͐̑͂͊̔̒̾̾́͑̃̈́̆̈́̍̈́͋̎̐̇̉̏̌̎̾̌̔͒̈́̍̈́̃̄̔͐̇̎̑̾͋̓̃̔̎͌̈͛̋͗̏̊͗̓̈̈́̾̉͌̽͌̋̽͛̅̾̊̒͌̕͘̚͘̕̕͜͜͜͜͝͝͠͝͠͝͝ͅͅ ̴̴̸̷̷̸̸̶̶̴̴̸̶̵̴̸̴̴̸̶̶̶̸̵̸̵̷̸̵̸̸̸̵̴̴̴̷̴̷̸̴̷̸̵̸̵̶̴̶̵̴̵̷̴̴̷̴̸̶̷̸̵̷̵̸̡̧̧̡̧̧̢̨̧̡̡̨̢̨̡̢̡̨̢̧̢̡̧̧̨̢̨̢̧̧̢̧̡̡̧̢̧̨̧̢̨̨̢̨̨̧̨̨̨̡̨̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̩̜̞̬̖͖͇̜̻̪̩͉̻̗̠͉͚̗̟̦͈͔͎͚̹̻̬̬̱̖̺̞̬̭̳̝͓̞̘͖̳̪̩̟͕͚͍̫̭͎̟̻̞̘̞̼̗͕͈̰̹͙̙̝̺̯̝̪̯̱͈͕̲̗̲̫̪̹̬͓̱̱͚̼̜͓͈͉̣͕̜̭̣͍̜̣̙̝̟̫̬̘̝̰̤̙̩̹̦̫̥͍̭͙̣̣̹̻̺̮̲̣̬̞̪͓͇͓̭̰̞̞̯̙̳͎̱̩̙̭̺͔̣̩̩̭̹͇͔̖̰̰͕̹͖̩͚̼̪̙̲̹̬̫͕̭̬̬̟̤̘̞̻͉̲̱͓͉̲̝͓͍̗̲̫̯̣͖̣̪̱͈̦̘̪͇̤͕̯̭͉̞̟̩̝̯̬͔̗̫̘̱̮͎̖͍̤̫̜͖͇̹̠͙͉̖̞̳͉͈̱̝̼̠̹͍̯̣̤̫̖̱̙̭̦͔͔̪̝͚̰̰̲̼͎̦̘̞͔͈͔̪͚̹̪̠̣̤͖̘͍̬̯̬̖̣̬̲̤̱̠̺̩̬̙͔̘͉̝̥̦̝̮͙̬̖̯̹̘̖̠͈̭̺̤̜̩̯̫̹͇̠̹̦̗̟̜̦͚͖̟̰̫̫̪̖̝̺͖͇͙̞͓̘̰̙̮̻̖̺̫̣̙͉̰̞̫͉̲̠͖̪͖͇͚̳̜̞̘͖̻̰͉̦̙̤̤̪̤̺̤͖̦̖̮͕͇͇̥̦̫̦̞̰̳̼͎͓͙̠̠͈̝̞̺͇̖͓͕͔̃̆̇͋̈̒̌̀̈́̃̏̑̀̓̀̐̃̆̂̈̃͑̍̑̌̿̇̈́̊̀̽͋͊̎̊́͊̏̅́͋̂̑́̾͂͑̀̏͌̐̇̋͛̿̆̿̇͑̄͂̂̆͊̂̒͆̎́̊̾́̈́̍̆̓̊͛̐̑̓̓̽͊͒̆͂̍̐̈̈́́̓̓̾͋̃̓̊̇͛͂̓̎̓͋͊̀̆̊̌̌̆̆̀̂̓͗̾̐̀͑̓̃̽̐̓͗́̉͋̄̒̊̅͂̅̽̾̂͒̂̊͂̆̔͛̿́̉́̀̈̏̑͗̓̔̃̍̆͂̏̿̂͂̓̽͆̋̓̉̎̽̈́́̇̽͊̈́̾̓̂̓̒͐͌̓͒̌̌̽̏͒̊̀͌͐͑̆̄̋̀͆̍̎̈́̇̍́͗̾̆͆͒̔̾̓̄̊͗̀͂̎̈́̎͂̓́͒̅̔͆͒̎̾͗̊̈͗̃̃̒̏̎̏́̊͋́͛̈́̃̑̾̐͐̀̏̀̽̅̂̈́͂̔̊̌̉̄͌̀̅̈͛͑̈́̍̔̀̎̉͌͒̈́̏̄̽̉̓̅̄̓̾̋͗̽̎̐̾͒̆̔̓͋͒̎̊͆̾̂͂͌̏̔̎̇̿̎͑̄̌̅̄̏͋͑͋͋̊͊̈́͂̋́̊̓̈̊͂̒̒̊̀̽̾͒̍̈́̓͒̂͌͌̈́͂̑̓̑̃̓̓͗̋̋͆̐͗̃̓̈́̐͂͆́̉͋̓͗̈́͐̋̉́͛͆̑̔̒͋̑̊̾̒̆͑̾̑͌̔͐̈́̐͊͋́̂̑͒͑͌̉̓́͑̽̽̓͋͐͌͑͆̑͂̇̊̈̄̌̾̀̉̀̓̽̂̾̎́̿͐̽̇́͌̀̇̃̈́̂̋̐̂͒̈́́̊̀́̀̿̌͊͗͆͐͋̇͋̊͐́̽̀̔̿̆̃̚̚͘̚̚̕͘̕̕̚͘͘̚̚͘͘̚͘̚̚͘͘̕̚̕̚͘̚̕̕͘̚̕̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͠͠͝͠͠͠͝͠͠͝͠͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅ Spaghetti̷̵̷̴̶̶̷̸̷̵̴̵̶̶̷̶̷̶̸̵̶̴̶̷̵̷̸̶̸̷̵̸̵̴̶̶̸̵̷̶̷̴̷̶̴̸̵̴̷̶̶̴̶̶̶̴̷̶̸̶̴̶̵̵̶̴̷̴̴̸̶̵̴̶̶̵̸̴̴̶̷̵̷̴̴̷̵̶̵̴̷̴̶̶̷̸̵̴̶̷̷̶̶̴̸̴̸̸̢̡̨̨̢̨̨̡̢̨̡̨̢̡̡̢̢̡̧̢̨̨̨̨̡̡̧̡̧̡̨̨̡̨̧̡̨̡̧̢̨̡̢̧̧̡̧̧̡̢̢̨̧̧̨̨̡̨̧̨̧̢̧̧̧̡̢̡̧̧̧̧̧̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̪͇͉̗̹̺̩͕͉͚͙͉̞̺̺̳̞̖̮͕͇͇̻̬̤͉̱͍̖͙̱͕̘̖̫̳̖̺͚̖̟̖͎͔̦̫̫͍̫̹̘̠̩̜͍̪̱̱̞͎̣͉̮̱̼̝͉̩̗̭̺̰̘͈̪̱͖͕͓̳̦̱̫̦̜̩̮̦̤͎͈̦̙̼̻̙̺̼͕͕͇̰̮̮̠̮̫̘͇̰͎̙̟̬̣̜̦̙̪̯̞̱̯̭͎̘̩̯̱̼̹̬͉̰̱̟̤̜̝̬̞̝̬̦̲͇̰̣͙͎̮̣̞͙̫͚̼̙̞̤̙̹̩̪̯͎͉̪̬̻̫̥͉̞͉̣̯̖͔̥̞͖͙̞̙̞͇̠͈̺͕͙̹̙̩̲̰̙̜̣̥̫̯͉̗̣̜̥̝͎̣̖͍̜̹̳͔̺͉̦̠̘͎̤̱̦̘͍̹̳̝͙̪͉͚͇̩̜̻̙͙̬̭̹̱̥͖̥̝̞͇͔̹̠͍̟̺̘̩͈̯̖̟͙̖̺̤̪̳͎̯͉̱͕͈̝̥̙͕͚̠̯̥̖͇͚̩̱͈̬̣͕̩̠̟͎̬̥̦̤̺̭̱̻̜̭͇̥̭̭͓͙̖̺̳̩͉̯͕̩̰̜̗̟͍̰̝̱̗̹̜̺͈͇͔̘͕͍̩͕̮̬̜̦̯̜͎̰̟̙̺̻̗̞̼̪͚͙̱̰͎̻͕̥̙̤̜̣̝̞̩̼̗̹̱̟̹͕̥͎̠̩̜̫̪̭͓̖͍̬͇̺̫̦͖̮͙̼͕̝̬͕̺̗̜̮̜̻̘̺̳̞̩̘̤͔̮̣͕̰̘̝͉͖̯̭̦̩̜̤̖̠̘͖̱̩̘̰̼̠̪̗͍͉̗͓̘̘͇̫̯̹̼̖̟̥̪̮͔̠͉̞̯̬̬͙̥̻̘͎̣͕͈̲͙̭̠̜̺̯̤̺͖̲̖̞͇̥̝͈͖̟̦͇̺͍̼͉͉̙͓̬͚͓̭̪̦̟͍͇̩̞͎͖͇͕̮̞̲̱͎͚̟̖̘̻̬̦̤̠̻̜̖͚̬̠̙̳̘̝̻̳̮͉̝̳̦̘̬̝̲̦̖̺̟̜̟̪̝̞͕̦̩̜̲̘̭͇̳̞̪̮̤̳̺̯̥͈̖̖̯̱̭̼̱̬̬̳̩̞̟͓̼͓̳̳̼̩̪͉̺̞͈͙͓͔̟̪͖̭̱͖̣̭̹͉͕̜̜̻͎̺͙̳̰̺͎̞͍̹̙͔̗͇̪͇̜͎̣͍̠͚̹͓̻̖̫̬͖̩̱͖͈̩̹̻̙̟̱̠̖͔̹̺̬̩͖̠̟̝͓͙̙͚̼̝̼̰̹̬̭̼͇̻̘͉̹͈̰̦̪͖̯͕̞̰̯̝̮̮͕͇͍̺͖͎͇̖͈̤̥̬͚̙͉̙͎̲̞͍̝̫͙̹̞͓͇̣͈̜̼̠̻̩̞̟̬̗̟̤̫͍͐̄̏̒̔̋̀̈́̄̎͆̉̄̍͛͑͒́͂̓̍͒̐̓̆́̓͗̅̓̂͊̂̈̎̎͐̊̾͒̒́̂̀̂̔̎͂̌̅̈́̉̒̊͗̀́͂̀̊̑̋̃͂̏̑̀̍̑̏̾̑̓̀͗̍̂̾͊̇͒̓̈́͆̑̓̑̈́̓́͑̈̈́͆́͊̉͒̀͌̆̒͆̅̆́̀̓̔̎̎̃̔̑̽͂̐̋̅̆̃̇͒́͛̒̍̍͌̉͛̄͐͐̋̎͐̓̀̐̓͛̐͐̎́̂̊̏̀̑̇̿̓͊̒̆͌̀́̑́̈̃͐͛͆͋͋͒̇̈́̋̓́̓̿̓̈́̃͗̀͛̂̑̎̿̓̎́̓̉̓͆͗̊͌̐̎̐̊̎͐̋̿̃̌́̏̑͒͆͐͐̅͋̏͊̃͊͑͊̍̂͋̾͗͗͋͋̒́̆̀̍̏̅͆̂͛̎͋̌̽͑̓̊͂̓̈́͛̾͆͐̐͌̒̔̉̂̓̊̉̊̂̈́̓͐́̄͗̽̇̄̅̑̾̈́̌̔͗̑͛͐͌͌̓̈́͊͒͋́̇̓̉̅̅̌̅͊̃̾̍̓̀̈́͂͆͆̐͊͊͛̍̒̓͛̄̐̔̃̐̇̀̓̿̓̓͑̈́͗̉̆͋̓͐̔̆̂͊̈́͐̉̏̈́͊̈̄̂͂̃͛̂́̊̇̄̓̓͒̿́́̄͐͐̌̏̍̀̅̐̈́́̽̀̆́̈̉̈̓͗̆͊̐́̈̅̽̿̍́̓̊̈́̈́̈́͋̓́̈̂̒̀̀̐̐̃̈́͌̃̽͒̾͒̉̄̒̿̈̉́͑͌̓͆͊̍̊̽͗̎̇̎̓͊͑̾͑͌̔̊͆̂̀͊̾͗̔̀͋͒́̐̃̃̄̐̓͛̑̄́̈̾̓̐̓͋̆͛͋̀̑̍͒̏̂̈́͋̄͋͐̅̍̈́̌͊́̀̏͆̃̎͒̈́͊̊̓͆̋̀̉̈́̐̿͆̈̓̀͆̅́̏̎͑̽̆͛̾̑̀̓̀̀̿̈̆͑͂̎̈́̈́̃̉̓̽̂͋͛͆̃͒͑͌̑̃̈́̽̍̽͂̄̔̀̃̉̄̈́́̅̊̾͒̎̌̈́́̈́̋̿͐̋̓̆̍͗̽̓̀͒̂̅̅̽̂̐̒̌̓̃̈́͂͆͑͆͋̇̊̾̄̂̏͊̍̾̔͐̄̌͆͐̊̒̇̍̾̍̐͐̀̿͑͆̃͑̓̀̓͂̓͆͗̏͐̏͒̏̀̓̏͌̾͛̋̈́̄͊̔̄̃̒̓̑͊̈̓̈́̅̓̌̈́͑͊̚̕͘͘͘̚͘̚̚͘͘̚̕̕̕̕͘̚̕̕͘͘̕͘̚͘̕̕̚̕̚͘͘̚̚̚̚͘͘̕̚͘̚͘͘̕͘̕̕̚̚͘͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͠͠͠͠͠͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͠͠͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅ
gotta hand it to the devs who remove an obscure bug only one player has ever seen and had issues with, fix broken modded saves, and even keep updating the game for free with new little quality of life stuff on top of having [b][i]first party modding support[/i][/b]
amazing and addicting game! worth every euro!
10/10
The ultimate factory game. Eternally struggling against nature and your own buttheaded design choices.
CRACKTORIO IS BANGER
I'm so addicted that I even dream about laying out transport belts.
Un juego con demasiada oportunidad de creatividad, crear procesos que mejoren tu produccion. Obtener resultados de mejora el eficiencia en entregas de recursos a traves de distancias largas. Libertad de tu mismo ir al ataque o crear fortalezas con defensas autosustentables te genera una satisfaccion indescriptible. Eso si es tan bueno el juego que puedes empezar a las 7:00 am y en lo que eficientas un proceso, haces un avance muy considerable ya son las 4:00 pm y no haz desayunado ni comido. Un juego sumamente bueno que distorsiona lo que conoces como tiempo. Mi calificacion es un 100 %. El equipo de desarrollo tiene mucha quebrada para poder crear un lore muy bueno, con este dlc nuevo que lanzaron del espacio y nuevas creaturas, se la voralon mis felicitaciones esta increible el mundo que estan creando. En mi opinion Factorio en vacaciones es una experiencia increible y mas con amigos que puedan jugar.
Best building/automation game i've ever played.  Truly a game made by gamers, for gamers.
Its taking my life away im too addicted now HELPME
good
Good game.
digital methamphetamine
Good Game :)
Extremely addicting, also reminds me of programming. Makes you always think about how to optimize your factory. Performs well, no bugs so far, UI and hotkeys are great.
Average fishing game
Great game! Very addictive!
I don't really know what I'm doing, but DAMN this game is addictive, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Once you get the hang of it, it doesn't really feel all that tedious, and the feeling of satisfaction you get when you finish something and it works cannot be replicated elsewhere.
yurr
time vampire
This game cures my clinical depression, while also adding to it. beauty  unironically play this game to practice PCB design on a srz note tho, fire game
Cracktorio
I have played a lot of factory games and this one is the most fun I have had per dollar spent. You get out of it what you put into it, and you can put a whole lot into it. I would even say the space age dlc is worth more than the base game because of how much it increases what you can do.
finally beat the tutorial
i can't tell if i'm having fun or not
addicted
dont play this game unless you have no girlfriend and 0 responsibilities, i played it for a month and it became my top 4 most played games on steam. 10/10 would recommend, the factory must grow
[The factory must grow]
After Seeing one of the lads review the game I had to bend the knee, this game is the definition of the factory must grow. Prepare for a few hours of locking in and learning to live and breathe efficiency while battling the hippies that do not like that pollution exists.   Martincitopants got a ton of people to try it and I recommend watching a video or two before just jumping in as its easy and hard at the same time. Trains are chaos, supply lines are headaches. Electricity drives you mad and the impending doom of expansion lurks in all corners. Did I learn how many solar panels I need to power several hundred gigawatts of power to a factory? Yes. Did it take me more than one day to construct and efficiently create the substations and transformers required for the factory to operate 24/7? Yes I also did that. Did that solar panel farm take more than 10 times the space of the starting area after I was done. Indeed it did...  Did the space mod make me go moderately insane when I was grinding almost every day in my off time? Of course. But at the end when I stopped and came back I had no regrets. The knowledge you build up makes every run better. Making you challenge yourself as the Hippies impending doom approaches and war crimes become a requirement, not a suggestion. Prepare and build. AS THE FACTORY MUST GROW
Very fun problem-solving based game, recommended!
Automate everything. You're limited only by your ability to design effectively. Best game of it's kind.
Been playing the tutorial for the whole time, got stuck, killed by bugs, lost entire resources, quit.
best of its kind
Incredibly large game with all the Mod Planets.
When you really get into it this game will keep you up at night, just pondering in how you can be more efficient.
Amazing game. It sucked me in like no other. It presents you with a challange and modular tools that you must put together creatively to overcome said challenge, then the challenge increases and you come up with another solution until you beat the game. It teaches you like a masterclass in resource managemant and creative problem solving. I enjoyed it a lot, it became one of my favorite games.
ok
This game... Truly is Crack, be warned that IF it's able to get its grips onto you opening the game up is like a gamble, you're either losing 1 hour or 10 hours there's little in between because once it has you all you can think of is that the factory must grow. Do not let the fact this game never goes on sale dissuade you it's at the very least worth trying, the demo is a good place to start but honestly the true breadth of the game doesn't open up until AT LEAST purple science when you can automate robots because that's when things are kicked up from a 6 to an 11.
Trains.
Real crack. Got into it and in the past 3 days, 27 hours added to playtime.
mental ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
If you are considering playing this game, please reconsider, this level of addiction is not something you can take all at once, would recommend starting with nicotine, going to weed, then crack and only then starting Factorio.
Amazing game, one of the best games i have ever played!
the factory must grow
Extremely addicting. Reminds me of Age of Empires mixed with Command and Conquer
Best game ive ever played in my life. Eat, Sleep, Factorio.
Bigger number better. Pretty good.
I'm sure that ill be able to slowly upgrade my factory while having a healthy relationship with this game!
Yes I'm autistic. Yes I'm an Engineer. Yes I l love this game.
Well, i dont think i have to say much, try to sleep at least 6 hours and the factory must grow
addictive like heroine. When you get through the first hours and learn about concepts like the main bus, city blocks etc. you cannot stop. Its the old principle: I only want to finish this Production bevore sleep. Oh my Polution reaches a biter nest. I bring some democracy to them. Ammunition was pretty close. I build some Production for Ammo, but THEN i go to bed. Ah my Iron smelting is bottlenecking. BAM you are sitting 6hrs on this game without even noticing.
kinda afk'y but fun
i dropped out of highschool to play this more  ( joke )
Its like crack in every single way.
Bro this game is not fun its as job, i played satisfactory and loved it and was hoping to love this one its so boring and a full time job i cant understand how its so popular.
Best factory game out there, tbh.
the factory must grow
I don't need to tell you this game is good. [b]The factory must grow [/b]
best factory builder, so fun, so diverse, i mean its the origin basically for all others which followed 
Closest thing there is to digital crack.
basically, it's meth but in videogame form
The Factory Must Grow
i have no idea what i'm doing.
After 1500 hours I decided to buy it
mmmmmm satisfactory but 2d and old and boring JUST KIDDING THIS IS PEAK
the factory must grow
This game is perfect for AuDHD. It will make your brain calm, but you'll hear the "Entity being destroyed" sound in your sleep. Eat your spaghetti.
E  X  P  A  N  D  _  P  R  O  D  U  C  T  I  O  N
this game would take your soul.It may seem complex and difficult at first,but trust me and go with the flow and you will enjoy this game
factory must grow
It is the most polished game you will ever play. I am so serious. Those big names that are genre defining out there? They're amazing, but there's always something that you have an issue with. Some small thing you wished they didn't do, or maybe its buggy, or the its the graphics. This game doesn't have that in my opinion. It's art is polished, it's progression is so perfectly well done, and it forces you to grow. It forces you to adapt. And not once have I wished they did something better.  The factory must grow
The factory must grow
fent for the mentally challaged such as myself god i ♥♥♥♥♥♥.......LOVE MEGAFACTORYS
q
it has never and will never go on sale. it's worth every penny. you want the space dlc too. adds a huge amount of content.
Mandatory Text Goes Here
I always find myself coming back to this game when I'm feeling industrious and antisocial. 10/10 banger.
The factory calls my name
pretty fun not for me tho i give it a 7/10
Ive completely lost my mind 10/10 would recommend 
What an absolutely fantastic game. As a primarily FPS gamer who didn't care for RTS type games I never though I would be completely absorbed by a factory automation game. Me beginning to learn programming for fun introduced me to this game seeing the memes programmers made about loosing time to this game.  What sets Factorio apart from every game I've ever played is how it allows you to play/beat it completely at your own pace, knowledge, and efficiency while rewarding those who learn and nearly exploit the game's mechanics. Add in fantastic sprite artwork, a brilliant music OST, an enthusiastic mod community, and fenominal Dev support and hardware optimization; Factorio just might be my pick for my "Desert Island" game that if I could only play one game forever, it would be Factorio.
Sorry can't sleep must automate and keep on expanding the factory. 10/10 learned of this Gem via Martincitopants and oh boy. I've only played a few hours and I know its not gonna stay that way.
this game sucks poop
It's an amazing game
Beware, it´s addicive!!!
This is one of my favorite games. It's a factory simulator, and I like that you can approach and work through the challenges in a wide variety of ways, definitely not a one-size-fits-all thing. I'm a closet engineer, and it's very relaxing to methodically work through the various goals, with just enough of a curve ball in the native hostile creatures to keep it interesting. Highly recommended.
space age is 4x the fun
.
10/10 fantastic game
If you feel you have too much free time on your hands, give Factorio a try. It will quickly remedy that situation.
Not for people that dont like puzzlesssss
Epic 
The Factory Hungers
I hate to be that guy but there is just something about this game that doesn't click with me. Either its the dated interface/UI or the sort of confusing "next objective" especially when it comes to the space aspect that just throws me off and turns me away from playing more. I wish I could love it as much as everyone else seems to, but I just can't.
crack, but good?
Actually played for 500 hours - There's a reason why it's called Cracktorio.
hard learning curve, play the demo, other then that this games electronic crack
I'm autistic and mildly ADHD. My wife is ADHD and mildly autistic. We have both been in hyperfocus. She's been ignoring her job and her boss is becoming concerned, and I'm doing a masters degree but ignoring my homework. Space age is great and now we're playing two different games in alternation, both as a team. Why two? Why not? 10/10, no comments, cheaper than drugs.
Its a fun Strategy planning game where you figure out the mechanics and expand your build. There are room for mistakes, you can redesign the whole system again if you feel like theres a way to improve it. No time stress just build the spaghetti cable system the way you want, unless your polution are bothering the neighbours.
its okay
the factory must grow and will always grow
Fun
Easily the best automation game there is. Probably the most polished game out there. It's challenging and comfortable. 10/10
I HATE THE BITERS 
Cool Game, but really wish they would improve the controls. Especially with a Controller I find them quiet bad
Makes you feel so smart untill EVERYTHING breaks and causes the worst headache known to the world, 10/10 BEST FACTORY GAME OF ALL TIME. The Factory Must Grow!
this game is horrid i played for 56 hours and want to kill myself the game is way to complex for my simple mind and its not okay.
It's like writing code.  Just as annoying and frustrating and you're constantly interrupted by bugs.
Great gameplay, graphics were a turnoff at first but really engaging game
Factorio is the best full-time job I’ve ever had.
I wish I had time to play more
wife left me becuase i played too much factorio, now i have more time for the factory, great success
the factory must grow
Incredible game loop high learning curve but extremely rewarding
its cool
Growing factory and doing diplomatic talk with neighbours. 100/10 recommended
Some people say factorio's like crack and now im addicted to meth...
praise the conveyor belts
awesome game, never ending playtime
After almost 9 years of irregular playing, I have now started my second attempt to get to the new expansion. After 50 hours, I am annoyed by three things:  - The required ore deposits are too far away, and it is so tedious to extract them, even with trains and construction robots. Everything is fiddly and all it takes is one stupid rock or tree in the way to interrupt the construction of the conveyor belt, railway etc.   - It's just as annoying to clear away the hordes of bugs. In the past, you could cheat the amount down in the menu, but today it's a cumbersome stop-and-go process to make progress in developing the map. It's too long a way to go before the big weapons arrive. I want to build a factory and not waste half my time on bugs.    - The controls are outdated; modernization with significant simplifications is urgently needed here.  You can just tell that it's gathering dust in some corners and edges and is in urgent need of a revamp, especially in the UI.   Please, devs, be so kind and give it another go so we can enjoy Factorio 2.0!
You will feel overwhelmed and panic while playing it. It will happen and there is nothing you can do to stop it.
Very Fun to play and design factories, although I do wish I was a bit friendlier when it comes to managing railroads and such
enjoyable and addictive
factory:)
Great if you are a thinking strategist type.  Not an action game, not  roleplaying either. :)
This is 10 factories out of 10.  You can play this game endlessly. I’ve been playing it since the days when science packs were made from alien hives.  I bought it just to support the developers.
The factory must grow. Also Gleba is the best challenge that turns the rules upside down and makes you think again. The best.
tuff
I've had the game for 2 weeks and already have a hundred hours, i yearn for production
cool
ts hard asf twin
It should be called Cracktorio
Addictive !!
Growth is inevitable, efficiency is mandatory, the Factory must be perfect, I am imperfect, I am the inefficiency. What do you mean I am out of lube? Dammit.
Autism
Really Epic
Ok so I would recommend this game.. Building a base and making walls is fun... However I cant say the space age expansion is worth it.. We spent like 600 hours working our way to that next planet.. and then i was like.. "Huh.. Ok.."  Its a fun sim city like game. Build a town with a train and some forts. My favorite is building walls and conveyor belts to fend off the imaginary hordes of enemies that I always envisioned would see the perimeter of my fort and be like, "what the hell is this mess?"  Oh and then laying pavement.. Man you should see the bricks I laid. Miles and miles of brick on brick action.  This game is like 1st gear fun. Right off the bat theres a lot of stuff thats entertaining and makes a lot of experiences like, "Whoa check out what I can do!".. but the top end kind of falls off.. I feel like the best way to describe it is like, once youve seen a few things yourve seen it all..  Definitely worth at least the initial purchase..
Great game
They call it "cracktorio" for a reason. The feeling you get from iterating and improving on your old designs is genuinely addicting. The factory must grow.
.
*Note I have played Factorio before and have hundreds of hours put into it. The point of this purchase was to play multiplayer, but that didn't pan out. According to them, the game made them feel like their head was compressing against itself. Take that as you will.*  [h1] Forbidden Fruit [/h1]  Factorio is *the* automation game. Your goal is to I believe build a spaceship that reaches a certain speed. The DLC adjusts this goal by adding planets to the mix. To reach this goal, you have to build a "factory". What this means is not for the faint of heart if you value your life. You basically have to progressively produce more enhanced materials as you research more and more complex technologies, while also draining the planet of its resources. To do this, you start small, building drills that require fuel and then refineries that refine the raw product into something else (such as iron ore to steel plates). That refined product is then turned into another product in a producer, and so on. It then only gets more complicated from there. Your goal throughout is to automate this entire process, making things easier for you, so you can focus on the other issue: the bugs.  Your factory produces pollution. The inhabitants of the planet "don't like the smell" (even though they choose to build their nests in the pollution), and will attack your base if the pollution reaches them. You can clear them out, but as the game progresses they will get stronger and stronger, and spread out more and more. So if you take TOO long, you may find yourself outgunned by the bugs (very unlikely on unadjusted difficulty). You MAY be a bit frustrated in the beginning, trying to figure out how to fend of the insects, while also keeping a solid flow within your factory (most resource are transported on "belts" until you unlock the robot logistics system). It's a decent challenge, which may cause you to consider going on the attack.  Combat is simple enough, basically just stock up on ammo and hold space to shoot, while avoiding HOMING ACID (I KNOW IT TRACKS YOU. I KNOW IT DOES. DON'T TELL ME IT DOESN'T). But, back to the main draw, you will certainly be engrossed with growing your factory. Eventually you'll expand to getting oil, then uranium, building automated rail lines, etc. You might even decide you need a second base for more iron/copper. Before you know it, 500 hours have passed.   [h1] Pros: [/h1] [list] [*]Yeah, I mean, you don't need me to glaze this game any more than others have. The automation is perfected for those that like those types of games. If you don't, then the game's not for you. If you do, then it is. It's as simple as that. This is a stimulating, engaging game for those interested in flow production/automation.  [*]I really like the variety in the resources that you can produce. Like, it's not just "one" thing that leads to another, rather multiple things can eventually lead to, or be produced from, a resource.  [*]I rarely found myself waiting around for research to finish. There was ALWAYS something to do. Whether it be killing insects, or just expanding the factory.  [*]Soundtrack is haunting, yet relaxing. Interrupted by your factory that is steadily polluting the environment. [*]I'm bad at optimizing things, but the game doesn't really punish you for it, so long that it works. I think it just takes longer.  [/list] [h1] Cons: [/h1] [list] [*]Now onto the biggest con. I strongly believe that the game's addiction factor is a detriment to its enjoyment. Before you laugh at me, many of these reviews have hundreds (or even over a thousand) hours in this game. These bursts of play may genuinely interfere with your life. If you don't care or think this is absurd, then ignore me, but speaking from experience when I first started playing this I had trouble sleeping. It literally becomes a bad habit, where you're constantly thinking about it. I really do feel like those other reviews aren't joking around about losing friends and sleep. [*]There was a point where I stopped playing and came back to it like after a few months, and I just completely forgot what I was doing. This game is so gigantic that if you don't remember the details, you can get lost in your own factory eventually, which is funny. [*]Sometimes there's certain situations where it's like "I can't do anything with this resource right now". And you basically have to make more than you need, or store it. If only there was a way to dump it or something. Like by burning it through a flare in stacks. A flarestack, if you will.  [*]This is more of a mechanic criticism than a game criticism, but you have an ability to detect resources from anywhere. The problem is that you are quite slow in this massive world, even with a vehicle. I mean, technically you can put trains everywhere, but is that what you want to do then like add some sort of plane or jet pack *cough* to the game? [*]Why do I need to make landfills over water tiles when building a rail? [/list]  [b] Verdict: 9/10 [/b]
Reminds me of my childhood playing satisfactory
If you like math and optimizing things, this is the perfect game. Multiplayer makes it so much faster and even more fun :)
i haven't seen daylight in 6 weeks
the factory must grow. Kicked the habit at 250 hours. Now I'm up to 515 with no end in sight. Send help. Or munchies
This game satiates my desire for complex problem solving. 
Very good game, can be a bit hard at the start but it took me like ~1 hour to understand how everything works.
don't forget to hydrate
About 20 hours in and it's already taken over my life.
Nice
It's alright I guess
Factorio is one big puzzle, and the way to solve it is finding the most optimal way to automate absolutely everything. When you finally do solve this metaphorical puzzle, you are hit with a great sense of accomplishment; just sitting there, watching everything go where they need to. Simple materials get turned into complex components, then the complex components are used to make even more complex components. The cycle keeps on going and it doesn't get boring in the slightest. It just works, as long as you make it work.
One of the best games ever created. It's so addictive and it's so well crafted! 10/10
Good, like it
I thought dreaming about conveyor belts was an exaggeration, it wasn’t. best game of the decade.
its gonna take my life away
boose
Must. Grow.
its like building a life
Awsome
The factory must grow.
best factory game
Still new, but the hours flew by. If you like the minecraft create mod, satisfactory, or any logistical or automation game this is 100% for you
very pleasant time
This game is like a harmful addiction. I haven't seen the light of day, I miss my own birthday for this game.   THE FACTORY MUST GROW
You start with basic miners and belts, scaling to massive automated factories. Launch the rocket while managing biters and resources. Satisfying optimization loop. Mods make it endless.  THE GAME for automation fans.
Oh god, help me oh god, I can't stop
The premier automation game.
Optimization Gold
Get it!
cuando para sbos
cracktorio
This ♥♥♥♥ rules
just a great game, did not get mad at any bad game mecanics, the devs love the game an you feel it
factorio
Great game if you enjoy building out a production pipeline, then rebuilding more effectively ad infinitum. Great art assets, reminiscent of Command and Conquer Red Alert 2 style. Overhyped but still a good time. I didn't try the DLC, still had fun. Good podcast game. Satisfactory is a good cousin-game
Highly recommended. It's addictive and fun, as the factory must grow
Addictive
:)
This review concerns the core Factorio game, and loop, and not the Space Age DLC. I feel that DLC deserves its own review, which doesn't concern the core game. [hr][/hr]  Factorio is the most well-rounded game-game I could have ever hoped for, all without being overwhelming. It features a very simple, core loop; extract resource, create something from that resource, use what you created to extract resources more efficiently. That's the whole loop. Similar to most survival crafting games, inspired by Minecraft. This is all with the initial end goal of launching a rocket to space.  Where it differs is how you apply resources, and develop your game. Amongst the things you can make are machines that can automate the crafting process. That means, through a few simple steps, you go from hand-extracting and crafting resources, to creating automated extraction and crafting tools, to do all the work for you. Where games like Minecraft ask you to stay in the initial loop of digging resources yourself for the entirety of the game, Factorio tells you to view everything around you as an automation problem to be solved.  And that is fun as hell... if you enjoy problem solving as a game.  All of my play time in this game has been in two save files; 150 hours in the core Factorio game, 250 hours (of which I'm not close to done yet) in a Space Age save. And I have to work hard to not fall into playing this game obsessively, becuase it really is that much fun of a time sink.  I can easily avoid all my responsibilities in a day because I decided I needed to fix an item flow somewhere in my base, because I now know better ways to do it. Or I might envision a train cargo system that automatically assigns trains to resource depots, and I've now spent 14 hours straight doing exactly that, by accident.  This is an incredible game, and dangerously fun.  This barely mentions the fantastic art design, brilliant music and sound effects, research trees, unique weapons and items you can create, the constant sense of progression from the natural flow of the game, and the endless ways to approach every problem. It is a sandbox game with unique constraints that makes it endlessly more enjoyable in its own ways.  I always recommend to try the demo first, to see if it's for you, and to introduce the core mechanics. If you like it, get the game itself. It's never on sale, always $30, and always will be (at least at time of writing).  If you finish the core game, launch a rocket, and want a further, nuanced goal, with more challenging ways to play the game, I suggest getting the Space Age DLC too. But again, only AFTER you've finished the core game once.  This is my favourite game ever made, and it feels like it was personally devised for my specific niche. I  highly recommend it to anyone interested, and caution you in the time you're about to spend.  Best of luck, and the factory must grow.
good i think
The factory must grow.
Hands down the best automation game out there. If you like optimizing production lines, scaling systems, and watching perfectly balanced factories run at full efficiency, there’s nothing better.  I’ve sunk countless hours into it and it never stops being satisfying. There’s simply no way around it—if automation is your thing, this is a must-play.  10/10, highly recommended.
i uh. still have so much more factory to build... someone send help.
The definition of a factory game. This is game has a depth that makes you so addicted, that you completely forget to take your drugs in real life.
I suck at this game so hard.  And that is why I can't stop playing. i wanna be like the cool kids and bee goood
This game is digital crack. You've been recommended to play it (please play it it's one of the best games ever made) and also warned
Opened Factorio on Wednesday. I blinked and it was Tuesday.
the greatest
THE SPAGHETTI GROWS
the factory must grow
Probably the most addictive game I've ever played.  The game is designed so that it gives you enough motivation and incentive to follow bread crumbs to progress from nothing into understanding the very basics and later into more advanced concepts. There's always that spark that keeps your brain stimulated to figure out how to use a new piece of technology that was just unlocked, and once you know how one things works, you are always wondering 'if you can then try to do something else based on this new knowledge' and the answer is almost always - YES, YES YOU CAN.   Factorio can be a sandbox game, an exploration game, it certainly focuses on automation but it can also be somewhat of a tower defense game, if you want it to be. Every facet of the game can have customization and logic defined with circuit conditions and I/O triggers.  The game doesn't place a requirement on making use of these and you can easily build a megabase without getting into circuit logic and programming. Once you figure out how these components work and find their usefulness then you realize there's infinite layers to the control and management which can be done and its almost like learning to play the game all over again but with a newfound sense of purpose.   The factory must grow.
legit the best factory builder. sweeps things like mindustry and satisfactory in my opinion. 100% recommend
Factorio is the work you love to do after you've finished your IRL work - would do algebra at 2AM again many a times over even if my significant other finds this uncomprehensible
10/10, even better than the last madden game, i just won the superbowl
The factory must grow
Luv automation, luv rockets, 'ate Biters, nuff said
dah tism my tism shall be yer tism,. tism ah a round
coming back to it after a 10y hiatus: still the old-skool champ
Start smoking crack. It is less addictive than this rabbit hole.
nice game, spend ton of ours playing. good for solo, amazing for multiplayer. Perfect to fill your head with conveyor belt, rail road and other things.  just be careful - upgrading your factory is quite addicting...
Factorio is an absolute masterpiece of depth and design, offering one of the most satisfying crafting and automation systems ever made; every new production line feels like solving a beautifully complex puzzle, and the game constantly rewards experimentation, optimization, and exploration as you scale from humble burner drills to sprawling megabases that span entire continents. Whether you want to play casually and tinker at your own pace or challenge yourself with tricky achievements like "Lazy bastard" or "Keeping your hands clean", the game fully supports your style without ever forcing a single “correct” way to play. World generation is incredibly customizable, letting you tailor resources, enemies, and terrain to your liking, and the modding scene adds near-infinite replayability with total conversions and quality-of-life tweaks alike. On top of that, seamless multiplayer lets you build massive factories with friends (or descend into glorious production-line chaos together), and with the sheer amount of content, progression layers, and optimization depth available, it’s a game you can sink hundreds, if not thousands, of hours into and still feel like you’re just scratching the surface.
Super addicting for the engineering minded individuals
The factory must grow.

best game ever
omg
If you're the kind of person that gets bored of games that don't challenge you, play this. If you're the kind of person that's adamant this game won't be enough to stump you, play with no help or tutorials and be humbled
Simply the best in this genre.
Excellent game. Tests your creative and problem solving limits.
Great game
it gud
the factory needs you
Bought the game, started the tutorial, got a slight migrane, play like an Italian cooking spaghetti. As someone with ADHD, I went blindly to Factorio, and boom, the spaghettiest spaghetti ever spaghettied And surprisingly, ( Spaghetti is one of my favorite food LOL) "If it looks stupid but works, it ain't stupid" I knew my Italian cooking skills would be useful. ♪♫♪ THE FACTORY MUST GROW!!! ♪♫♪ ♪♫♪ THE FACTORY MUST GROW!!! ♪♫♪ ♪♫♪ THE FACTORY MUST GROW!!! ♪♫♪ 
Wtf is this? This is incredible!
This game has immense creativity and decent combat. You go from basically a stick and a rock to full on nukes and tactical bombardements. Not to mention the intricate building mechanics. Excellent game. Many hours worth of gameplay
The digital video game version of crack you never know you needed untill its too late to quit. The Factory Must Grow.
good
please try crack its less adicting.
My eyes flicker beneath my eyelids while trying to sleep, haunted by efficiency
fix something the other fails 10/10 would fix another thing
Factorio really is some kind of "classic", and if you love automation you're right here! For the factory growth!
Wonderful, a new layer at every turn. I've come back again and again, and space age adds SO much. Worth every penny.
The base game is amazing, and 2.0 builds upon it even more. Hundreds of hours of enjoyment.
kool
Fun game
The absolute king of logistical building games.
it is a good game lost sleep to this game 10/10
Brilliant game! Super addicting for engineer/systems thinker types.
ist so fun and adicting THEEEEE FACTORY MUSSSSSTTTT GROWWWWWWWW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The good parts of being an engineer with the bad parts replaced by big angry bugs. 11/10
The factory must grow
NOT MY TYPE OF FUN WAS TRICKED INTO GETTING IT OVER SATISFACTORY
I know I'm in the minority here, and maybe it's because I played Satisfactory and other games in the genre that built upon Factorio first, but this game couldn't hook me.  The interface feels far too primitive, the objectives are too open ended and sandbox style, and I just couldn't get into it after trying for several hours.  It's clearly great for many people, and I'm actually shocked I didn't enjoy it, but I would skip this and play Satisfactory instead.
Cracktorio.....
The factory can always be optimized.
factory
Z
great
If it doesn't click for you, you're going to get frustrated and not play it much.  If it does? Your wife will call it "crack" and be mad at you. 
Конвеєр, маніпулятор, конвеєр, завод, маніпулятор, Конвеєр, маніпулятор, конвеєр, завод, маніпулятор, Конвеєр, маніпулятор, конвеєр, завод, маніпулятор, Конвеєр, маніпулятор, конвеєр, завод, маніпулятор, Конвеєр, маніпулятор, конвеєр, завод, маніпулятор, Конвеєр, маніпулятор, конвеєр, завод, маніпулятор, Конвеєр, маніпулятор, конвеєр, завод, маніпулятор, Конвеєр, маніпулятор, конвеєр, завод, маніпулятор, Конвеєр, маніпулятор, конвеєр, завод, маніпулятор, Конвеєр, маніпулятор, конвеєр, завод, маніпулятор, Конвеєр, маніпулятор, конвеєр, завод, маніпулятор, Конвеєр, маніпулятор, конвеєр, завод, маніпулятор, Конвеєр, маніпулятор, конвеєр, завод, маніпулятор, Конвеєр, маніпулятор, конвеєр, завод, маніпулятор, Конвеєр, маніпулятор, конвеєр, завод, маніпулятор, Конвеєр, маніпулятор, конвеєр, завод, маніпулятор, Конвеєр, маніпулятор, конвеєр, завод, маніпулятор, Конвеєр, маніпулятор, конвеєр, завод, маніпулятор, ...
crack
amazon simulator
Fun!
the factory must grow
It happily eats time.
IT'S COOL
this game gave me autism (the good kind)
Just do it.
I snubbed this game because it seemed too "simplistic" in nature. It gave me this sense of, collect, build, recollect, rebuild, rocket....done. This is not the case in ANY way shape or form. This game embodies the feeling of awesomeness and frustration in so many ways.  Imagine bringing a series of buildings online to bring a critical resource to bare for research to suddenly be notified that aliens are assaulting a resource not far away. You run to that location and defend against the assault, buildings destroyed, but you recover.   The level of thought and development into this game has allowed me to clock more hours and weekends than I ever expected!  I love it! The factory must grow!
Robot
Only play if you don't like sleep
Factory must grow
Well well well...What I can say about that game? As many of other guy I have a life before that game... now my wife give me my food under the door
You land, mine some stuff, and think you’re in control. Then you “just automate one thing” and suddenly it’s 3AM, your base is a noodle bowl of belts, and you’re emotionally attached to your iron throughput.
idk what the ♥♥♥♥ im doing i played satisfactory with flight on
No time to review... the factory must grow...
soon cooking.......
So much fun to play, you can spend hundreds of hours playing and still have hundreds more to do. Also a repeatable game to play.
The factory must grow.  Each step forward in the game results in a new puzzle. As you solve once puzzle you'll find new ones come out of nowhere. Blue Chips are low? You trace it back to red chips. YOu then find red chip production is low because green chips are low. Why are green chips low? You forgot to expand green chip production. So you finally do that and then realize that you don't have enough copper coming in to fill your new factory.  Every step makes you look back at your factory to fix, remake and solve new issue/puzzles. Eventually you step back and watch your factory automation flow, churning through thousands of chips, plates, coal, etc.  This game may not be for everyone but if it grabs at you a little, you'll be here for awhile.
good game
Initially pirated it because of being broke. Finally had some money - now the factory grows. J'adore!
this game is awesome i play one handed
factory must grow 
I can't sleep anymore, i need to automate sleep.
factory must grow
THE FACTORY MUST GROW
I couldn't stop.
amzing game i bought this 2 hours ago and some how i have 105 hours 
Very good game
i crack my torio so much that my inserter broke
Best game ever.
I've received more value from this game than any other purchase I've ever made.
SOOO FUN <3
DO NOT GET ADDICTED
yes
i like the trains
Goated
Ainda não lancei meu primeiro foguete 👍
This is a VERY complex game with layers - but it is ideal for those who love building and crafting.  There are no real time pressures and no quests - you choose what you pursue, develop, or build.  You can set the PvE elements the way you want - if you want to be left alone, turn off the enemy.  There are moments of frustration but elation when you solve the puzzle.  Refer to the factorio wiki when you're really stuck.
banger
this game is one of the best
I've created the worst addiciton i will ever experience in about 5 days, had to remove sleep from my schedule to make room for factorio
railway signals will be the death of me
It's crack. I played it ten hours a day for an entire week while work was swamped with snow
If you are an Engineer, this is your game.,
Such a quality game. Endless room for creativity,
What day isit? The factory needed to grow and i just needed to fix something.
If your name is Anthony you should buy this game. also other people who like factory sims,  factorio is top tear for sure.
♥
You'll know if you like it. It scratches exactly that one itch.
Pretty much the gold standard of automation games for me. The dev team behind it also deserves a massive shoutout for the level of bug fixing, mod support etc that maybe only a handful of games get.
just buy it. it runs on almost anything so its good if you have a lower end laptop or pc
Thanks Factorio I do think the obvious solution to a stationary target is to walk over there and instaneously build defenses around it, or maybe walk over to and use my monkey arms to through explosives at it, or build a shoebox to suffocate in as it is turned into mush by animal spit. I guess eventually and about the time our PC delevopes a swarm of intelligent drones and personel sized nuclear fission generators we FINALLY just maybe use our absurd R&D machines to imagine a way to outrange bug vomit.  ---SEEEEEEEETHING.
mrdicka
This game is for those that like sandbox style games, survive, mine and grow!  Beyond that when you delve more into it, this game appeals to those that like to fine tune growth and try to maximize what you can get the game to do. If you like building and organizing or striving for efficiency, this game is for you.
Cracktorio
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ GREAT 
Brilliant so far.
As an unemployed person, I keep forgetting to job hunt because I’m busy looking for bottlenecks in my Factorio base
best game ever!
You build a factory and then fight off environmental activists. (Greta Thunberg's Nightmare)
yes.
That they have a free demo for you to try says it all.   
Good
This is an RTS, but the focus is on resource gathering and processing. Combat is incidental mostly.   I like this game well enough, but not so much I'd recommend it to others. The demo gives an accurate experience of the gameplay, so try that to see if you would like it. If after playing the demo you don't feel like shelling out the full price, play something else.
idk if i'd recommend or not, i think i need to put a bit more time in
DIS STINK
I am a Med student, and this game made me consider leaving Med school to have more time; owing to the fact that the factory must grow.
I hate games that add achievments after you 100 percent them....
cracktorio
iron plate
if youre not railing adderall while playing factorio what are you doing with your life basically
What the ♥♥♥♥ did you just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ say about me, you little ♥♥♥♥♥? I'll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and I've been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and I'm the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the ♥♥♥♥ out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ words. You think you can get away with saying that ♥♥♥♥ to me over the Internet? Think again, ♥♥♥♥♥♥. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You're ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that's just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little ♥♥♥♥. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little "clever" comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ tongue. But you couldn't, you didn't, and now you're paying the price, you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ idiot. I will ♥♥♥♥ fury all over you and you will drown in it. You're ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ dead, kiddo.
The factory must grow
straight up growing my factory rn im jus expanding my walls n sht i got turrets all over I'm just harvesting resources man like for real
I'm an addict now.
This game is addicting in all of the best ways. Looks, feels, and sounds great. My favorite part though has to be the way you just load up the game and play. No menus, no cutscenes, no battle pass. Its a steep learning curve at the beginning but nothing a couple youtube videos cant fix, and once you're over the hump this game just becomes part of you. PS: Space Age is a necessity. 10/10 game for me
gweh
is good
The factory must grow 0-0
I pray to god there is a Factorio 2. 
Factorio is an interesting game because it's like a puzzle that constantly evolves. And there's no right or wrong solutions, just more or less efficient ones.
yeh, its good. addictive. reshapes your brain from spaghetti to orderly rows and columns.
10/10
trains
I am addicted. his is your only warning.
Factory Grew
The Factory must grow The BUGS MUST DIE THE TRAINS ARE STUCK AGAIN The wall were destroyed.... AGAIN Were is the ammo? Where is the electricity? THE FACTORY HAS TO GROW
Dont do cracktorio guys, its a bit addictive.
Bought Factorio thinking it was a chill factory builder.  It is not chill. It is industrialised obsession.  You start automating iron. Then copper. Then circuits. Then you’re redesigning your entire base at 2:47am because one belt is backwards and now the economy has collapsed.  The game never tells you to optimise. It just quietly suggests: “That could be better.” And suddenly you’re calculating ratios like it’s your job.  Multiplayer is dangerous. You and your mate will begin cooperating and within 30 minutes you’re in a passive-aggressive argument about bus design.  At 20 hours I haven’t launched a rocket, I don’t understand oil, and I see belts when I close my eyes.  10/10.  Send help.
BARELY gotten in the game but really fun so far
200 IQ
In the three hours I've played I achieved a flow state that I genuienly thought was not possible for me. This game is crack. I need to be careful
the lag in multiplayer is so bad that you genuinely start to to think its a feature, and the game is intentionally trying to piss you off great game otherwise tho
MEOWMEOWMEOWMEOW factory game
Best Engineering Game Ever!
mmmm numbers
Failed all of my college classes, lost all of my friends, and wasted so much time on this stupid factory game...  I love it, 10/10 The factory must grow...
Nice
If you enjoy solving puzzles, this game is the biggest and best puzzle there is. Gameplay loop is extremely satisfying watching something you've worked to meticulously design or redesign finally work, then come back 20 hours later realizing how much better you can design it now. I highly recommend plying this the first time without any influence until you get stuck.
just play it, it's great
Complicated but good and there’s always something to improve or fix or make
spent 4 hours researching a car 10/10
Automation at it's best!  It's addictive, it's time consuming and even if you think you are done there will always be another thing you will either update or completely rebuild.  https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=3168492795
i wonder how long it will take to get to 1000 hours...
The GOAT.
The factory must grow
One of the best game in a base building genre!
I spent 3 hours learning how to automate the crafting of red and green science just to find out there is an easier way.  10/10 game, will be here for a long while
mmmphhh... conveyor belts....
It's a good game.
my fav game. even tough im pretty new
!@#$ it's already 3 am???
I need more copper, I need more iron, I need more robots,  I need more trains, I need more electricity, I need more oil,  I need more turrets, I need more speed modules.  I need more FACTORIO, I need more SPACE.
addictive 
this game is very good
very fun game
Spent too many hours in this before finding out that Kovarex (lead creator of the game) thinks that rape is a "sjw term," defended homophobia, and thinks teachers should be able to sleep with their students.  Easy to find the comments he made through Google, it was news on several sites.  Don't give this guy any more money.
Honestly, just start using heroin in this point of time.   I mean, I played simulation building games and all that ♥♥♥♥, but this game makes you lose your family, job, friends (unless they are also playing Factorio).   Bestr fkin ♥♥♥♥ ever.
I like how this game makes me feel like a genius  10/10 absolutely recommend
If you're trying to counteract an unhealthy addiction with a healthy version. don't look here.  countless hours played, just a few more minutes, and then wasting all your progress, ultimately restarting every. . .single. . .time. The Factory must grow I HIGHLY recommend
The Factory Must Grow
the factory must grow
it good but it still has bug plz fix https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNF05UFnqyU
i'm like mid level smart. After hour 20, it goes over my head ... or maybe it's just not worth the brain power after 8 hours of work and 2 hours of commute fml
it was fun for a bit, but I fell out of interest pretty quick
cr@ck for @utistic people
The factory must growG
build factory. rush bugs with pistol. die 4 times. finially kill bugs. return to automation. STONKS.
Gud
Viciante, cuidado!
This game makes my brain hurt. In a good way. It's literally taken me years of on and off again playing but I'M ON ANOTHER PLANET. And i'm not done yet.
The factory must grow
not my type of game
its great
Cocaine
I'm running low on flying robot frames because I don't have enough engine units because I'm not making enough steel because coal is low because I diverted too much of it to plastic production because I need artillery shells because THE BUGS KEEP ATTACKING
This Cracktorio is really good. Highly recommended this Crack💊 AND THE FACTORY MUST GROW
10/10 would lose my life again
Great for visualizing what spaghetti code is and why refactoring is a thing. The Factory Must Grow! 👍
Cracktorio
Now I want to automate everything possible in my life
THE FACTORY MUST GROW. I feel like if you have any interest in gaming, you have to play this atleast once. Honestly, for my small brain it's a little too overwhelming sometimes, however it's very fun. Make sure to play in small sessions though as it can be a little addicting if not limited.
what else can i say it's a very good game  just gleba,i do not like gleba
henry ford would be proud of me 
Quite good!
Dawg Im addicted
At first confusing, then mildly addictive; closely followed by intensely interesting and challenging. Add a large dose of multiple frustrating alien incursions, some really sweet mechanical solutions, and you have an openish world that is ... proper bang.
Cosa hermosa, ni siquiera lo jugue tanto y puedo sentir como me rasca bien profundo el autismo 10000/10
I have lost many hours of sleep to trains and if I hear that biter alert sound I get the absolute crap scared out of me 10/10 would recommend
There isn't words for this.
factory
The only thing that is bad about this game is what it does to you when you turn it off. I play this with friends and without fail between gaming sessions we will call each other and discuss what we are going to do next and ways to further optimize the base. 10/10 I will 100% replay this game.
i like it
its a great product that really has some good challenges if you are looking for them but if you are a wuss you can go the easy route
they should rename this game cracktorio
It's good, yeah. You just have to take it at your own pace and understand that you won't get everything immediately.
H oly crap, this game is good E veryone should play it L ike really everybody P robably everyone should try it once  M aybe you should try it for yourself E veryone should   I think everyone should buy this  C an you believe this awesome dlc A nyone would love this game N obody should not play it T otally play this game  Q uite a good game, really U nfortunately, not everyone has played it I mbeciles like me can still have fun, even if it is suboptimal T otally play this game
if you like satisfactory, you will like this game too
horrible game. don't play it
Cannot believe I spent $70 on this game (base + DLC)...   ...and fully believe it was worth it.
When this first came out I would have Recomened it to any one Now that we have space age its a MUST PLAY!!!!!!!!
I dont like it, Play it.
Factorio is a drug that is over 9000 times more addictive than fentanyl Common signs of addiction are: - allocating more time to spend to playing factorio while neglecting family, friends and work; - learning about circuit networks and boolean algebra; - optimizing every part of your factory for ratios to be perfect; - tetris effect; If you find this game interesting please contact your local therapist for an autisim diagnosic since high procent of factorio's player base are autistic If you value your life and social interactions it's highy recomeded to not play this game If you decided to play it have fun and remember: "T̴̡͍͓̩͇̺̣̤̆̂̈́̑̈́̃̆͝͝h̶̪̹̠͕̗̱͎̘͍̎͜ͅe̸̛̘̻̲̤̐̆̔̆͋͌̑̊͠ ̶̧̢͉̮̣̲́̂̂̏̊́͛͂́͌̌̒̋͛ͅf̷̱͋̇͒͗̅͋̎͐͂̾͆à̶̡̙͔͚̼͎̺͓̳̜̟̥̤̞̼͑̂̊̍̍͒̒̂̇̈́̚c̴̲̖͔̝̾̃͋t̶̢̪̮̗̆̇̓̊̋̈̆͛̓̉̈́̕͝͝o̷̡̢̢̖͎̤̦̼͎̤͚͚̕ͅr̷̗̗̰̅̊̈́̀͆̍̇̾̓̊́͝y̵̟̘͖͖͇̭̦̘͙͉̱̅ ̷̻̀̍͒̈́̈̌̂̾̈́͘m̸̧̢̢̢̧̛͙͖̭̝̬̘̙͒́̐̉̋̈̽̽̚͝ͅͅȗ̶̧̦̜͓̜̠̞̠̭͙͍̭̼̥́͛͌̊̿ş̷̝̮͙̹̱̹̯͂t̷͈̲͎̹̰͚͇͔̰͔̹̞̼͙͐͐̈͆͋ ̴̩́̏́̒̏̉͗ͅǵ̸̡͚̮̯̦͔̀̓͛̏̅͑̓̈͠ṛ̷̡͖̯͈͂͒̚͜͝͝ó̷̩̜͎͖̳͈̰̲͚̔w̷̧̛͎̝̠͖̘͍̤͊̅̆̑̓͗͐̏́̋̇̄̇̚"
yes
Very good
Honestly such a refreshing type of game. and you control the pace and intensity. System scale wonderfully
10/10
I used to have a great sleep schedule and a productive life.
A game about production chains where you can automate pretty much anything if you are creative enough. Frustrating at times, enemies are rather uninspired but very fun and engaging none the less. It is a must play.
Two thumbs up! Controls are easy once you understand that you basically have only 3 buttons to really use, Q to cancel out, and E to access inventory/crafting and mouse button to click, move things.  Ultrawide support 21:9 is here, game runs great. The game starts of easy but ramps up. Its sandbox type of game. This is a true game, where the objective is clear and you have many ways to acheive it. The game is not really a game, its an automation project. Very fun i give this a 10/10 so far
Not bad.
The Factory Must Grow
Either tinker on your own to have fun being creative, or read wikis/ask friends to maximize efficiency, both are great! Also plays well as multiplayer, kinda like more intricate Minecraft server?
I went into this game thinking "What could be so fun about building a factory?"  Boy oh boy was I in for a ride. 120 hours later and I'm still trying to figure out how to further optimize my builds. I could play this game forever and I still wouldn't get tired of it.  Highly recommend if you have hours upon hours to sink into it!
There's a reason folks take 100s of hours to review the game.
peak game
Great game. The demo is great for checking if you will like it
this game is incredible at always having something for you to do. if you hit a wall, build a machine that makes the solution overflow until it becomes a pain to figure out what to do with. 10/10 game design  I just wish this game would go on sale more then once a decade... got homeboys in need
Busy Work: The Game. While it runs fast and looks good, it's just chores. They don't really give you any walkthrough, the instruction is just "build a rocket". Only after you accidentally do something does the game tell you what you did and how it works. For some reason the developers decided that inserters only put objects on the opposite side of a belt, causing belt clogging extremely quick. It's not fun. 2/10
if u wanna sell ur life, play this
h
meh.
yes
This game is such a satisfying game, I highly recommend and would give a sugestion to try it with your friends, specially if you like game where the logistics might become a problem quickly!
Don't play this game, it totally sucks and ruins your life. You will not be able to stop playing, too addictive. If you're into optimizing, changing, improving build layouts, generating more production, science, rockets, etc. This is the addiction for you.
Complicated and detailed game, if you master it, you can become engineer. Goes extremely well if you are working in factory and then comeback home to play this.
get out of here dewy you don't want no part of this ♥♥♥♥. what are y'all doing in here  developing a dopamine addiction you don't want no part of this ♥♥♥♥.
Would have paid double...
The moment you need to grab a notebook and write equations about the flow of resources in your factory, you know you are having fun.
Just 10/10 worth losing sleep for. I for sure thought the nuke was as for artillery, doesn't expect it to be launched from a rocket launcher like a madman
great game
Machine
Factory. Oh! Where'd the time go?
Crack for autistic poeple
Factory Must Grow
This is the meth of video games
its ight
gotta build gotta build, more more more. this is so great
I waited so long to buy this game.  What a mistake. Now I'm off to buy Space Age...
Never been so addict to a game...  Will do it again!
good
THE FACTORY MUST GROW!
highly recommend
Hm, I don't like this game, and usually that's enough for me to *not* recommend a game, because why would I recommend something I don't like? But, honestly, Factorio is a pretty brilliant game. If you're the sort that loves working on projects, this game is like crack cocaine for you. The gameplay loop is so tight, it's so easy to just iterate in this game, yet it feels meaningful unlike other infinite iteration games (cookie clicker, most minecraft modpacks, etc). This game is an *easy* recommend for me, because I know that if you're the sort of person who likes this game, you'll *love* it. So it's worth recommending trying this just for the chance that that happens. If you're not the sort of person who loves endless iteration (maybe you get bored of survival minecraft / terraria), or if you find coding an experience of banging your head against the wall, waiting for your code to just work so you can be done with it, skip factorio, you probably won't enjoy it so much.
Ever wanted to experience an crack addiction? Wait no longer cause I started at 10 pm and suddenly it was 2 in the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ morning
This game is perfect in every single way. If you enjoy problem solving, creating, discovering, preogressing, or just want to try something new, this game is for you. 9999999999/10 =D
the factory must grow
Crack if crack was tastier than crack
This game is so addicting. I can come back to it year after year.
Its alright
oh no i kicked all my addictions for nothing, kids do fent instead
Great game Automation 
beau8tiful
very good game, try it! - Malt
This is less of a "turn your mind off and game" kind of game and more of a "get fully absorbed into playing the game and optimizing everything you do in the game" kind of game.
This is a great game full confusing mechanics which will keep you occupied from your real life problems. Recommending to try out the vanilla version, but as the game progresses to it's expansion, it makes trains obsolete which was the main attraction, at least that is my personal opinion.
good
I may or may not have played it for a few hours, its not bad.
I've got problems.
amazing!
too addictive!
Fulfill that OCD itch while decimating the global environment. Shell's CO2 output is rookie numbers
Cracktorio.  You do not have to be a smarty pants to like this game or be good at it.
Hours of gameplay. New strategy every seed. no stupid 'woke' messaging. just a great game for players, exactly what gamers want.
Tank go vroom
gg
[h2] Rather Addicting [/h2] Can be a lil rough getting started but once you get a flow for things, time will fly by
Built 3 walmarts and then killed the locals 10/10 game need more pollution
Belts AHHHHH
Game is gay and sucks
yes
THE FACTORY MUST GROW. THE FACTORY MUST GROW. THE FACTORY MUST GROW. THE FACTORY MUST GROW. THE FACTORY MUST GROW. THE FACTORY MUST GROW. THE FACTORY MUST GROW. THE FACTORY MUST GROW. THE FACTORY MUST-
game
THE FACTORY MUST GROW
good
Brilliant game. Love it!
Наилучшая игра для тех кто умеет думать 10/10 создателю руки целовал, цена кусачая, но оправданная, не советую просто факторию брать, лучше сразу с дополнение Space age без него игра скучнеет
this is basically the crack of games
dont play this game its crack, once you figure out "optimal game play" your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ these no going back. Its not crack its not heroin its nicotine. Slowly and painfuly your friends will leave and the voices will grow louder. "the factory must grow" you try to ignore them you try to leave but you come back. Every martinceotpants video, every trupen totorial brings you back. One weekend you will relise that you have put over 118 hours into the game in just three days. it only gets worse. Stay away from this game THIS WHOLE GENRA OF GAMES. I plead with you dont... Dont ... DONT PLAY IT!.    however if I was to recomed crack as a exprience I could never say no.
Cracktorio
nice!
{insert something about a factory needing to grow here}
good 
THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW THE FACTORY MUST GROW
This game is spiritual opium.  I love it.
.
Its called cracktorio for a reason
cheaper than cocaine
pure rage bait 10/10
Game good
vroom
Great game, time go fast really quick when you start playing it
Amazing and addictive gameplay
Factorio is the undisputed gold standard of the automation genre. What starts with a single furnace ends in a sprawling, automated empire of trains and logistics bots. The "one more fix" loop is incredibly addictive, the optimization is flawless, and the modding scene offers infinite replayability. I’ve introduced dozens of friends to this game and we all agree: it is worth every cent. Buy it, but say goodbye to your free time. 10/10.
This game is so addictive! It's really value for money. I've been playing for > 100  hours and I still didn't complete my first play-through. The game allows you choosing how you want to play, I choose to take it easy and just wait for some research to be completed -- but there are whole communities out there who try to speed-run and optimize everything. Whatever floats your boat I guess. Love this game.
factorio factoriooooooooooo yes yes
this game is like snorfing peakium
Getting this game for an autistic friend is like introducing crack to black neighborhoods.  Highly recommend.
This game is very fun to play and will make time go by very fast with very little tasks that feel like chores and all feel highly rewarding
literally addicting
Nothing like it
I don’t usually write reviews, but after almost 1000 hours in Factorio I kinda feel like I have to.  I’ve played both vanilla and heavily modded runs, and somehow the game never stops being interesting. Every time I start a new seed, couple hours later, it turns into “just one more improvement”… and suddenly it’s 3 AM and I’m redesigning an entire production line because one tiny bottleneck bothered me. And then it's 6 AM because you can't leave the temporary fix unoptimized for ups or aesthetics.  What really makes Factorio special, for me, is how it clicks with your brain. You’re always thinking, optimizing, fixing, expanding and when everything finally flows perfectly, it’s insanely satisfying. No other game gives me that same feeling. And all that without the flashy graphics or animations...  And yes, I love pushing it to the limit. I started on a laptop, then upgraded to a 7800X3D, and now I’m on a 9950X3D and I’m still dragging some runs below 60 UPS. Building bases big enough to stress even that hardware is honestly part of the fun.   Mods make it EVEN better. Every big mod pack feels like learning the game all over again in the best way possible (especially SE).  This isn’t just a good game it’s one of those rare games that completely takes over your brain in a good way. Nearly 1000 hours later and I’m still excited to launch another run. Just need free time!  10/10 — the factory must grow. 
Factorio is very fun and it can help you learn logistics as you try to make your factory as efficient as possible to launch a rocket.
The base game is pretty good, however the expansion kind of ruins the game It's not well balanced.
A bit to addictive, I lack sleep
This is one of the best games ever made. 1,102.9 hours on record and im thinking of starting again.
building a doohickey
Really fun automation game!
If you like legos.......
I have absolutely no idea what I am doing but I am having fun getting my base absolutely obliterated by bugs. 10/10 would get destroyed again
The factory must grow
If you like solving logistic problems and want weeks of your life to disappear, this is the game for you.
The factory must grow.
Factory must Joe
fagtory  game 
Yes.
It’s the best base building and automation game I’ve ever played. It’s awesome, great and worth any penny. 11/10
very heavy, wasn't really for me ultimately
The Factory Must Grow.
I still havent finished the tutorial 10/10
factory
Amazing game, devs are very active with bugfixes and have done a great job with design and balance. I get lost playing regularly. The vanilla experience is excellent, the Space Age expansion was a little overwhelming at first, but very fun once you get into it, and the mod support is unrivalled. I expect I'll be putting at least another 4500 hours in over the years to come.
the factory must grow
meth
super fun with friends
La fabrica tiene que crecer
I would rather go through torture than untangle my humongous spaghetti pile that is an iron processor.
thank you wube <3
good
Good
This game is wonderful but beware you might get the following. Brain aneurysms, heart attacks, multiple mental illnesses, loss of loved ones and a software engineering degree. But in the end it's all good fun.
Good game
Just the base game, coupled with the space exploration modpack, is enough to keep my monkey brain entertained for 10 hrs straight. Definitely worth the price, definitely worth skipping classes for ts, definitely worth not sleeping just to micromanage the hell out of my starting base, definitely worth it to just space out looking at the train carrying iron ore. ITS JUST SO FKIN GOOD BRO
Best game ever
The factory must grow. Very engaging gameplay. Always makes you think what could be better.
It tickles my 'tism and is great solo or with friends. The factory much grow and even when things become complex and massive it still could run on a toaster at 60fps
Very good game. Do not look for optimization guides, figuring it out yourself **is** the game.
I have frequently spent 12 hours straight expanding the factory
отличная игра, пока разбирался со светофором 10 часов прошло
i love optimization
My 20 hour play time is from a 2 day period. I couldnt stop playing but then on the second night I spent the entire night dreaming I was playing the game and I woke up more exhausted than I’ve ever been. Probably the greatest game ever made. It’s too good. Like digital crack or something. In order to not turn into a sleep deprived junkie and abandon my life I hope to never play it again.
Built a factory, angered the locals and was killed. 10 out of 10 
Most addicting game I've ever played, highly recommended
The Factory must grow!
So, I NEVER write reviews on steam games good or bad but for this game I had to. Just for context, I hate 2D type games, I hate super complicated games, I hate games that are not that easy to understand.   This is the perception that I first had of factorio pre-purchase. BUT WOW WAS I WRONG!!!!  The night that i bought this game I played for 3 hours straight and only stopped because I had work in the morning. I was immediatley sucked into a very beginner friendly tutorial and my mind began to church on how I could make my factory more automated and efficient. This sucked me into the immersive creativity of this game and how you can really make your base HOWEVER you want.   This game so far is worth every penny and I plan on putting in probably hundreds of hours! It seems complicated but it's not that bad at all! It seems like another boring 2D sim but the way you can design your base however you want keeps it spontaneous and fun! It seems from the game photos that trying to understand all the components would be terrible hard but in reality the Tutorial DOES AN AMAZING JOB at teaching you all you need to know.  100% worth the $35 bucks, I have encountered no bugs and have not gotten bored yet. No lag, Not extremly difficult, not another boring 2D sim, You could EASILY put in hundreds of hours in this game.   Thank you Devs for making a game that is this deep yet FUN at the same time, many devs fail to do this, especially with 2D games. BRAVO!
if you would be stranded on an uninhabited island and could just pick one game to play than this is it. Although it is 2D where most games are 3d the game has so much depth especially with the SpaceAge dlc it is a must have in anyones collection and you are not a true gamer if you havent played the demo at least. While you play the demo you will have bought the game before the demo is over, just like i did. There are other games where i look up things about the game i want to know but for Factorio i have watched so many more videos than for other games. How to set up oil productin and blue science, how to set up railways, how to do the circuit automation that gives you endless possibilities to enhance your automation. With the SpaceAge dlc a whole new dimension opened up for me. The exciting new planets with their own special benefits and limitations just add so much to the game.  Just download that demo and play!!! You will get hooked just like me and soon you will be on a journey to improve your autoation skills muttering The Factory Must Grow.    
Yes
The factory must grow...
making me hit the thinker pose
train
Before playing this, i wasn't likeing the texture but when i finnaly got interested on the items and the one youtube short, i started playing, what happened? beat the game faster than ever! and reached 333 house as im writing this, (my other games are only 250+ hours) best decition ever in 1 year! go try it out!
Space Age gives this game the most content out of all automation games
10/10
ya its pretty good
The factory MUST grow!!!!! I got this game in like 2018 it is sooo good

If you like building things to build things that build other things, this game is for you.
Look, I'm going to be honest with you. I am *bad* at this game. Not "oh I'm so humble" bad. Bad bad. My factory looks like a plate of spaghetti that got into a fight with a circuit board and they both lost.  I have 628 hours in this game and I still don't have a megabase. You know what I have? Fourteen different ways to smelt iron. I have redesigned my green circuit production so many times that my biters have started bringing lawn chairs to watch. They don't even attack anymore. They just sit there, fascinated, like "is he really tearing it all down again? He is. He absolutely is."  The thing about Factorio is that it's not really a game. It's a disorder. You sit down at 7pm thinking "I'll just fix this one belt throughput issue" and suddenly birds are chirping and you haven't eaten and your coffee has achieved room temperature and you're drawing ratio calculations on a napkin like some kind of unhinged Beautiful Mind situation.  Blueprints are my favorite thing I'm terrible at. I spend more time in the blueprint editor than I do actually playing. I'm out here crafting the Sistine Chapel of smelter arrays that I will use exactly once before I decide the ratio is wrong and start over. It's like being an architect who keeps demolishing his own buildings because the windows aren't symmetrical enough, except the buildings are made of inserters and nobody asked.  Every time I watch a speedrunner launch a rocket in four hours I feel personally attacked. It takes me four hours to decide which direction my main bus should face. And then I change it.  The developers at Wube are either geniuses or war criminals and I genuinely cannot tell which. They made a game so perfectly optimized that it will consume your entire personality. You will start seeing conveyor belt logistics in your grocery store. You will mentally calculate the throughput of a highway merge lane. You will refer to cooking dinner as "a production chain." Your loved ones will stage an intervention and you will try to explain to them that you just need to fix the oil processing and they will not understand because *nobody understands oil processing, not even the people who understand oil processing.*  10/10 I need help.
thy factory must grow,!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The factory must grow
get it if you dont like your friends and family because you will never see them again
I've got 2000 hours in Factorio.  That's deceiving, as I the factory must grow, so I leave the computer on at night.  So I can research, to grow, so I can research...  Just buy it- it's amazing!
Det burde nærmere hedde "Cracktorio"... Når du først starter, så bliver produktionen dit liv ....  træf bedre valg i livet end mig ....   82 timer senere...   
Factory. Oh!
Very good
thought this was powerwash simulator but for getting rid of bugs
Straight automation to the highest degree
Base game is great. With the space age expansion, this is the best game I have ever played.
12
perfection
automate, and automate some more
Ultimate factory game
Factorio alters your perception of time, and seems to also make you forget to drink, eat, or sleep. "Oops, it's 4am" is not uncommon! There are so many ways to engage with this game, and pretty much everyone's approach is different. Combat (if you enable bugs) adds a nice angle to push you towards putting a base together as opposed to being stuck in design limbo.  The devs have created an absolute masterclass in UI/UX - this is one of those rare games where an awful lot of control is handed to the player. Rarely, do you find you have to turn to mods to allow you to fix that little niggle you might have.  Finally, the modding scene of factorio is legendary. Some players go onto to build bigger and bigger megabases, and some players go on to tackle the many, many expansions and overhaul mods that are out there.  Factorio will rarely, if ever, let you go ;)
good game!
One of the greatest games ever made.
One of the only games i play, Autism will help but not needed.
While I have not sunk my entire life into this game and have not beaten it a million times, or even once. I think I can say that this is a great game. I love the visual style, the bugs that don't like pollution, and the complication of things. I've gotten off this game with my head hurting and 100 holes in my dry wall. With friends it can be easier or just chaos. A 9/10 game from me, only reason for the 9/10 is I have not touched the DLC. Can't wait to buy it!
The factory must grow
I have never spent my free time and free will better than with factorio
I absolutely love this game and the whole idea of it all. 10/10 ⭐⭐
Incredible game, but the price isn't just $35... You will pay with all of your free time. Your job, relationships, and physical health will recede as the factory grows. But the factory must grow. 11/10 non-weaponized maladaptive daydreaming autism simulator
I dream of conveyor belts when I sleep
Awesome game 🔥
Should've bought the game when it was cheaper, I regretted waiting. NOW, THE FACTORY MUST GROW!! WORTH THE MONEY AND MUCH THINGS TO DO.
The Factory must grow!  Playing this modded (Pyanodon) and I feel like I’m doing a chemistry degree.
Dis is good!
I think this is the first time I've ever wrote a review for a game. I can't speak highly enough of Factorio. If you allow yourself to just jump in and learn, there are so many "ah-ha!" moments throughout. The rabbit holes you find yourself in as you bounce from project to project. The building and rebuilding, finding efficiencies, cleaning things up. There is so so much to do. I'm about 800 hours in now and still learning new ways to do things. Space age feels like it add 4x the amount to do and learn. One of my favorite things about Factorio as a whole is that while there is a lot to know and learn, it actually feels very approachable once you take the first plunge.   Anyway, I only stopped to write this because Steam recommended I do while on my way to grow the factory. The factory MUST grow. Enjoy.
Nice! Worth every cent. DLC brings a whole game within a game. I bought the base game in EA but even the current cost makes this an insane value. Having done the math for my current play time, (30.00 + 35.00)/6942.0 is less than a penny per hour or something. Nice!
awesomnly addicting
over 1k hours; Yes. If you like sandbox games, or just difficult ones. This is a great one that for the most part can be readily picked up or put down. multiplayer is amazing. very old school lan vibes.
great game
So awesome!...
I'm enjoying this game thouroughly so far. It's got plenty of depth and gives you all kinds of problems with various solutions for them. I've barely scratched the surface of the game and am enjoying the rabbit hole this is providing.
The factory must grow
Factorio is the crack of videogames. My sleep schedule may be shot, but the factory must grow
Embrace the sphagetti.
MY VEINS ARE CONVEYER BELTS, MY HEART IS URIANUM POWERED, MY NERVES ARE A LOGISTIC SYSTEM. DONT THINK JUST BUY, YOU WILL BE ENLIGHTEND
If you can get past the initial learning curve, its more addictive than crack.
I wanted to pay them some money
Virtual crack.
Game is legendary quality. Budump-Chhh
Just get it. worth it
Magnificent game. I rarely spend money on games, but i would pay double the price for factorio. Will recommend this game to anyone who likes logic thinking and problem solving
I think this game might be [i]slightly[/i] more addictive than crack cocaine. The factory must grow.
Simply fantastic game. Simple and incredibly complex at the same time. You can play mellow or you can play with extreme challenges or anywhere in between. Warning: a huge time sink hole.
Highly addicting
Its ok.
Addictive.  There are so many ways to play other than just burning through.  It is amazing to set things up and leave it running, hoping the biters haven't destroyed your setup when you come back.
Very nice.
Factory must grow
.
good
Best factory game oat. I don´t recommend start playing it cuz this game is more addictive than fent
I like it.
I would have recommended this game sooner, but I started playing Factorio 1459 hours ago and just crawled out of my basement. I need to take a shower.
Factory Must Grow.
Devs please patch, you left a unfinished Planet which has a horrible experience. The planet is called gleba and I believe it was left in the dlc by accident please fix thank you the spoilage must grow
Bugs
Easy to suggest. A classic at this point. Cannot go wrong. AND they release a super DLC a long time into the life of the game. Also the mods side is incredibly well implemented. 
good stuff
great game
Finally figured out steam power...
Hands down the best construction game I’ve ever played. So addictive!
The best lonely game of all time. ZERO of your friends will want to play this with you, but it doesn't matter. 10/10
My favourite automation game of all time.
I close my eyes: I see belts and bolts. Pretty good game.
10/10 the factory must grow
i'm autistic
Great game
10/10 One of the best games I've ever played. DO NOT play this game. This is like balatro, it's actually too good, This game will scientifically distill every last dopamine molecule out of your brain and force you to drink it in front of a live audience and you will cry because you are simultaneously being squeezed and ridiculed. Don't play this game. Brilliant.
Factory
And the factory grows.  I first launched the rocket during v0.15, before there was even nuclear power. Factorio was engaging then. It took me nearly a decade to reach the edges of the solar system but I still love it. It is still engaging over 1000 hours later. If you enjoy building machines, finding the little efficiencies to get a bit more throughput, and exploring just a bit more of the map to find the next big iron patch, Factorio will suck you in.
Iron plate. Copper plate. Green circuit. Biters. Copper. Steel. Biters. Biters. Wall. Wall. Biters. Wall. Oil. Biters. Wall. Biters. Biters. Biters. Wall. Uranium. Wall. Wall. Wall. Biters. Biters. Wall. Biters. Biters. Biters. Biters. Biters. Biters. Biters. Death.
factory must grow
The Factory MUsT Grtow
I dream about how to make my factory more efficient.
in the first 12 me and my friend became brain dead from how much we where using are brians and thought eachother was on ever drug on the plan  would do agian 
Great game and an absolute time vampire gameplay loop
best game ever.
no i dont want to write a review please stop bothering me
The factory must grow, took a while making this review because i was busy expanding the factory
t h e f a c t o r y m u s t g r o w .
one of them games you start playing and suddenly  look up to realise the suns coming up
Factorio grabbed me from the start and hasn’t let go since. It’s incredibly clean and polished, yet brutally deep when it comes to automation, logistics, and optimization, and every “I’ll just fix this one thing” moment turns into hours in the best possible way. The progression feels spot on: it teaches you what you need, then gives you the freedom to build your own solutions and scale them as far as you want.  On top of that, the overall quality is outstanding: clear UI, great performance, tons of thoughtful details, and those constant “aha” moments that make you want to redesign your factory again and again. If you love engineer-brain problem solving, systems, and that building flow state, this is a must-play.
The best factory game of all time!
will corrupt your mind and make you lose yourself in the never ending factory  10/10
I didn't believe that this was that addictive... I was wrong. Now the game appears even in my dreams.
Good, but not enough mods at bosses.
     'Oh, let me just hop on real quick to improve that one production line.' I foolishly thought to myself with my morning coffee one Sunday morning. 'It should only take 30min, then I'll get to my day before the work week starts.' I start splitting belts, redirecting resources, a blink, then a blur; at some point my power needs addressing and my oil reserves are starting to drain. Train lines out into enemy territory are under threat from Bug Karen neighbors. Peace keeping devices must be produced and distributed as we expand.  .. Suddenly I remember that I am a person in the real world. I still need to eat food, I've had nothing to drink; I still need to get gas and groceries for the week and it is now 4am Monday morning.  The Factory Must Grow.
It will teach you the difference between latency, throughput and bandwidth like nothing else can.
played 3 hours all 3 hours were afk goon sesh. games great would play again 10/10 \
AHHHHHHHH BEST FACTORY GAME OF ALL TIME
I looked outside and it was sunny but now it's pitch black and the street lights are on...
Write a review for Factorio Please describe what you liked or disliked about this game and whether you recommend it to others. Please remember to be polite and follow the Rules and Guidelines.
insanty fun relaxing  hard but not to hard
She Make my factory grow 'till i produce
dont play it. drug might be less addicting
God,
Best fkn game ever.
its really fun
its ok
The factory must grow
Great Game
This is fun, i like building things :)
i can hear bots chirping in my sleep 10/10
its fun but a bit over priced if you  dont play like 2000 hours
since when did the sun rise?
yes
I should have written this review 400 hours of gameplay ago. This is easily one of the most engaging and rewarding games I have ever played. It starts out small, having you just manage a few mining drills that you need to refuel by hand as they slowly deliver you basic resources, but before you know it you've got a massive factory capable of automatically creating any material you could ever need, spanning all across the map with train networks and automated defenses keeping your precious factory safe from the dangerous enemies.  I think the most genius part of this game is how the technologies all build on each other, and how the core gameplay loop encourages you to keep trying to optimize and improve your factory. This means that you always have many things you can do to improve how much your factory produces or how efficient it is. You can always expand your Science Pack production to research things faster, find a new ore patch or oil field to expand to, improve your factory's defenses or upgrade your furnace array. If you're not careful, it's easy to get caught in a loop of saying "oh, I'll just do this one more thing" for hours on end until you look at the clock and realize you've been playing without interruption for the last 7 hours. But when you get to take a step back and just watch your factory work, it's so incredibly satisfying. You can see a huge, complicated network of transport belts, mining drills, pipes and assembling machines and know that you built everything yourself. You know exactly how all the separate elements come together to create so many unique things, and you still feel like you've only breached the surface of the incredible depths this game has to offer.  All this, and the DLC triples or quadruples the base game's content and length. If you like games that require strategy, experimentation and complex thinking over quick reactions and ability rotations, give Factorio a try. You might not understand the game on your first attempt at a factory, or even your second or third time. But when you finally start to "get it", you won't be able to put it down, and you'll be thinking about the game for every minute you're not playing it.  The Factory Must Grow.
i have no idea what is happening
just great
addicting
b
You can spend hours upon hours optimizing your factory to have better efficiency.  You can spend hours making your factory as pleasant looking as possible.  You can spend hours just gazing upon your factory as it mines, smelts, refines, processes, manufactures the items you need to fulfill your one goal.  The Factory Must Grow.
item go vroom vroom on belt make ape brain happy
Do you like to loose track of time and reality? Do you like to annex alien worlds, steal their resources and nuke everything on said worlds? Do you like to set out on a crusade in your tank and annihilate thousands upon thousands of creatures trying to survive? Do you like to pollute the environment and turn the ocean green?  Do you like seeing pathetic creatures trying to storm your base getting turned into burning tacos outside your concrete walls in a hail of gunfire, flames, lazer, atomic bombs and rockets? Do you want to build your own star destroyer and ride the universe and conquer it?   If yes you are autistic and should seek medical attention OR just buy this game instead.  10/10 point for world domination. What an unbelievable good game this is. Yes I recommend this game.

how about a iPad version? it'll kill all boring time on plane, i can fly from beijing to buenos aires within a click...think about it seriously please
10/10
I just really enjoy a game that allows me to mine, automate, and create different things like for example allowing trains to pick up one material and bring it to a place you made so it can be "processed". Also just having the ability to automate almost everything might be an addiction I have whether or not it's healthy.
yes
I haven’t vertically integrated my PP into a girl in a long time. Such is the life of an engineer.
the factory must grow
downright addictive factory building game
THE FACTORY MUST GROW
Where'd those hours go... and why is it 2am now?!
meh
It's digital crack.  Factorio is arguably the best game I have ever played.  It's a masterclass in game design and attention to detail.  The mod community is incredible.  Highly recommend everyone play the "warp drive machine" mod.  Its so damn good.  If I was stuck on an island with only one game to play for the rest of my life I would choose Factorio, its that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ good!!  Buy it, quit work, leave your family, say buy to your friends (or bring them along since there's multiplayer) everything else is a distraction because the factory must grow!
factory must grow
its addicting. ive had the game for less than a week and hopped on after school to waste hours daily
this game got me on some schizophrenia type beat I hear some semblance of a high pitched noise and I think someone broke in my door or window or sum don't play this game bro it's dangerous for your health you could be just chilling and then you hear *beep beep beep* and then moloch raids your base :v:
this is the very game where I can be the liberator of lands. Literally felt like a founding father when I purged countless swarms of bugs near oil sources. Truly a simulator of the USA
GOAT
GOAT
It's alright, I guess.
Fantastic factory builder. The very long early access time leads to a truly refined experience.
oh my god
fire
Factory must grow
Extremely addicting and well designed
cant recommend enough!!
perfect
I'm one of those who postponed playing this game for years, just sat in the library until I figured why not try it. At this moment my first save is 1200 hours and still cant stop playing; trying to figure out new ways to min/max or even try out ideas. And I havent even tried any mods yet.  Great game!
GOAT
factory :)
I played this while listening to my textbooks on audiobook and during lectures. I now associate Factorio with solar astronomy and I have no regrets.
What an awesome game ! It's easy to put hours and hours into this game and completely forget the time, definitely worth buying if your considering. The devs have put so much thought and love into this game :D !
---{ Graphics }--- ☐ You forget what reality is ☐ Beautiful ☑ Good ☐ Decent ☐ Bad ☐ Don‘t look too long at it ☐ MS-DOS  ---{ Gameplay }--- ☐ Very good ☑ Good ☐ It's just gameplay ☐ Mehh ☐ Watch paint dry instead ☐ Just don't  ---{ Audio }--- ☐ Eargasm ☑ Very good ☐ Good ☐ Not too bad ☐ Bad ☐ I'm now deaf  ---{ Audience }--- ☐ Kids ☑ Teens ☑ Adults ☑ Grandma  ---{ PC Requirements }--- ☐ Check if you can run paint ☑ Potato ☐ Decent ☐ Fast ☐ Rich boi ☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer  ---{ Difficulty }--- ☐ Just press 'W' ☐ Easy ☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master ☑ Significant brain usage ☐ Difficult ☐ Dark Souls  ---{ Grind }--- ☐ Nothing to grind ☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks ☐ Isn't necessary to progress ☑ Average grind level ☐ Too much grind ☐ You'll need a second life for grinding  ---{ Story }--- ☐ No Story ☐ Some lore ☑ Average ☐ Good ☐ Lovely ☐ It'll replace your life  ---{ Game Time }--- ☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee ☐ Short ☑ Average ☐ Long ☐ To infinity and beyond  ---{ Price }--- ☐ It's free! ☑ Worth the price ☐ If it's on sale ☐ If u have some spare money left ☐ Not recommended ☐ You could also just burn your money  ---{ Bugs }--- ☑ Never heard of ☐ Minor bugs ☐ Can get annoying ☐ ARK: Survival Evolved ☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs  ---{ ? / 10 }--- ☐ 1 ☐ 2 ☐ 3 ☐ 4 ☐ 5 ☐ 6 ☐ 7 ☐ 8 ☑ 9 ☐ 10  ------------------------------------------------ + cooperative play + map size + awesome gameplay with friends -+ really need to learn how to Optimize your factory
could be fun they said,  could take a few hours they said,  could increase your logic thinking they said, yeah right. Just loose yourself in it.  The factory never stops growing.
the hardest part is mentaly preparing
bug murder
Lets just play for a little bit... Oh its 4 am!
this game really is crack like they say it is. i didnt believe them. it is 
This is the greatest video game I've ever played in my entire life.
It's the definitive factory building game.  Yeah, it's good.
I installed Factorio “just to try it.” That was a mistake. Not because the game is bad—because my mind ascended to a level no human institution was prepared for.  Real life is still real life. I know this because people keep telling me. I just don’t understand why it insists on being so inefficient.  I still live in the same house. Same walls. Same furniture. But now I see things. The couch placement is suboptimal. The fridge is a bottleneck. My family walks randomly instead of following predictable paths. I don’t fix any of this—because I can’t—but I notice, and that’s worse.  My friends think I’m “addicted.” Incorrect. I am enlightened.  They invite me outside. I go. I stand there. I look at the sky. “What now?” I ask. They say, “Just… enjoy it?” Enjoy what? There’s no progression tree. No automation. No belts. Nothing is scaling.  The Intervention (Still Inefficient)  They sit me down. Same circle. Same worried faces.  My mom says, “You play too much.” I nod patiently, like she just told me water is wet. “Yes. Because the factory requires it.”  Dad asks, “Do you even hear us?” I do. They’re just very low-priority alerts.  A friend says, “It’s just a game.” That one hurts. I laugh it off, but inside I’m thinking: You wouldn’t call the sun ‘just a star’.  They ask me to explain why it matters so much. I try. I really do. I talk about ratios. About flow. About how everything finally makes sense when the belts line up. They stare at me like I’m speaking an ancient, forbidden language.  Which I am.  The Doctor, Who Is Not Ready For Me  The doctor asks normal doctor questions.  “How much do you sleep?” I say, “Depends on production demand.”  He pauses. “That’s… not an answer.”  “Neither is real life,” I reply, laughing, because this is obviously funny.  10/10. Best game ever made    
i pressed start and 4 hours disappeared.
Very fun
The goat of automation games.
crack
Damn bugs
It holds up well as the defining entry in the automation genre.
Holy Factory Batman..... What a good game. Just buy it and build...
play it
I've become addicted
factory
Amazing game - the game transforms in scale so many times as you play it. The puzzles to solve have many many solutions and you always have new things to learn.
Although hard drugs are surely more expensive, they still are less addictive than this game.
I swear, I just blinked.
Addicting gameplay.
If you don't play this game, the omnissiah is going to come to your house with 23 biters as a present.
One of the best factory games on the market. From start to finish, simply a great experience.
this game is very fun
This game needs some kind of warning label for people with minds suited to STEM fields...
i have a severe addiction to this game and i cant stop
game hard
I was not sure if I'll like this game or not. So I tried the demo and I instantly fell in love with it.  Factorio is famous for its no discount policy, but imo the price is worth every penny. If you liked the demo, seriously buy it. You'll get hundreds of hours of content.
Almost too autistic for me... almost...
This game provides a type of game play that really resonates with me. I get to exercise a type of problem solving that I enjoy so much. There is a massive mod community, and even the base game and expansion allow for expansive adjustments to enable the player to tailor the experience to their liking.
W game tbh, a lot of confusion but satisfaction in overcoming it
e
oh no...
Come on you already know it's a fantastic game, call off work for the next week and play.
Peak efficiency
The factory must grow.
Factory must grow!
The factory must grow.
The factory must grow
Still the best factory game of them all.
the factory must grow
Best logistic game
I am 76 and the game keeps my mind occupied.
Game looks weird at glance, then you realize its a ******* masterpice, everyone needs a factory autism faze. You got from thinking **** this ♥♥♥♥ looks weird to, im gonna ******* *** all over the place.
I love being racist towards bugs
i love ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ crack man *sniff* please i don't know where my wife went
Terrible spaghetti nightmare. I still can't produce enough blue science. My Vulcanus factory has been silent for 40 hours. Please play this game.
Good.
Mmmmm.... The factory must expand....  There is no better feeling than draining a planet of resources and polluting it so bad that life goes instinct.   (This game had me in a chokehold for about a week and I didn't even finish it)
Dont play it. Its addictive.
i hate having fun so i play this
fun
whats a shower?
I spent a few hours on this today and yesterday and it seems like there is few more dozens hour of fun I can have with this game
please just play this game and you will quickly begin to understand why people call it cracktorio

awesome
this game is like masturbating to diaper porn. once you start, there is no going back.
Something turned on in my brain. I don't know where it will lead, but let this be a marker stone for the journey ahead of me.
The factory must grow
Good game
The factory must grow!! (ps press alt)
Finally, a game that actually keeps up with my engineer brain. It perfectly captures the process of designing, breaking, and optimizing complex systems. It’s basically just one giant, glorious problem-solving loop that never ends. The factory must grow!!!
The Factory must grow
It’s weird that this didn’t already exist back in 1995, when Transport Tycoon Deluxe was released. Haven’t had this much fun since.
Can run on a potato
wait... you can craft stuff in an assembler???
wait.... well, Factorio is... wait a moment, one more thing.... right, well if you got the time. Learn it, get used to it and play it.....
Annnddd that's blue circuits done. Wait is that the sun? The sun is up? Already?
good
The only downside of this game is the inability to hide the total playtime from my family and friends :(
You have life, nope, you have a factory that must grow with neighbors that must be destroyed !
I think I enjoy this game
You open this game once, and the next instant six months have passed. Your house is empty, cold, the crumpled paper of overdue bills scattered on the floor. You see the obituary of your relatives hanged on the walls near your computer, circled in red by someone who wanted you to notice, who wanted you back. Now that someone gave up, their last steps impressed in the dust that covers your crypt. The masses of unwashed clothes and bedsheets taunt you, corpses left by your slaughter of time. Something writhes inside them, your only welcome back.
100h and still hadnt launched a rocket 100/10 honestly better than crack
What can I say? This is THE BEST game I've ever played. 500hrs in and barely scratched the surface. Be cautioned: you will lose track of time while playing this.
Beest game ever!
hooked 
yes
Craktorio
makes me nut everywhere 10/10
This game is like a drug once tried cannot stop playing
so far amazing will update
Ruined my sleep schedule, would recommend
my brain AND factory are wired
There should be Factorio support groups.  I can't seem to stop playing it.  No other automation game scratches the itch quite like Factorio.
Very gud game, butt bit addictiv. I am stuck redesigning city blocks, plz send help
I used to think the world was beautiful. that nature was harmony.   then i started playing this game. now i know there is no harmony in nature and that perfection comes in the form of Factory. and the Factory Must Grow. !
love it
i would comment the funny phrase but the comment directly above mine probably says it already
game
love it!
factory is yessssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
the factory must grow
My play time speaks for its self.
It was either her or the factory.  God I miss crack. It was less addictive.
If software development was a game
An incredible zen garden of a game.
You don't need a social life when you have the companionship of logistic bots. Your room will become as polluted as Nauvis because you aren't leaving it until the factory is done growing and the factory is never done growing.  Food and water become streamlined as you take in the minimum of what you need to survive the real world while you focus on fixing bottlenecks and making your factory more efficient. Bathing and hygiene become optional, and sleep is merely a health suggestion.  This game lives up to its nickname of Cracktorio. You can never escape it, and any factory-based mechanic in any future game you play will make you relapse and devote another chunk of your lifespan to a new playthrough because the factory must always grow.  Now with the addition of the Space Age DLC? You can grow your factory across multiple planets, evict the biters, and pollute it all. You will never have a period of downtime in this game and will always be busy.  I cannot recommend it highly enough  17/10, the best addiction I've ever had.
absolutely addicting
Pure logistical art
Just awesome. The perfect game
It is very good for people who think like an enginear and are creative with their time.
Automation Hell
I will eventually figure out what I'm doing.   I hope.
It's almost the perfect game.
THE FACTORY MUST GROW🏭
factory
If bureaucracy was great, it would be Factorio: "We must expand the factory to meet the needs of the expanding factory."
If you want to a game that will turn a 15 minute task into 15 hours and it only feels like 5 minutes have gone by, this game is for you! 10/10 will continue to play and make the factory grow...
Classic Factory game. Can't go wrong with this one
Hmm what can I say... The Factory Must Grow!!!
Best "pure" factory builder. Also a great game if you like trains.
ya it a game
it is fun. would never play solo.
Great game, would recommend.
Last game you'll ever need!
good
I need more gears.
The game was quite satisfying and fun.
The factory must grow
Great game
It's good
Factory must grow.
i dont thing the space exploration extension is not adding much value, the space system is more like an after thougt and the gameplay on spaceships is just a cheap and odd looking copy of the ground game. and the asteroids are not a good enemy and the timetables are just annyoing,the quality system is the only thing that makes an improvement but even that lets much to desire since there is no clean way of doing things. Also the logic circuits have no use case, you just dont need them and can not improve many things. also its tedious and impossible to debug. its just not fun and at the end no matter how much brain you put in you can not make things produce clean or do exact counts since inputs and outputs are mixed at the buildings and insertes
Game good. Game very good.
i cant stop playing
Good game. Perfect factory building game.
played for 9 hours straight in multiplayer 11/10 would buy space age if i wasnt ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ broke
its nice
A once in a generation game
Crack is less addictive than this game.
This game is extremely addictive and I do recommend it. It consumed 40 hours in my first 2 days, never regretting it.
Put a clock beside you. I WARN YOU!!
Nice.
Overwhelmingness as a game mechanic. 100/10! The factory MUST grow!
utter peak  
Good
The best game I've ever played.
my friend is a german, enough said
bread
If ted kaczynski was born 50 years later hed play factorio and realize industrialism is awesome, actually

A superb factory and automation-style game. I don't even like 2d top-down games--and the graphics scared me off for years--but the gameplay is so satisfying that I've stopped caring entirely.  The scale of the game is genuinely a little terrifying; I'm 20 hours into my first game and I'm not sure I even hit the mid-game yet. Be careful what games you get sucked into!
this is the best factory game ever. NOT FOR BIGGENERS (you can turn off ename grifing)
It is THE factory sim. If you enjoy the genre, this is the go-to game. You probably already know Satisfactory, but don't sleep on Factorio or, say, Oxygen Not Included.
good game
Currently have 168 hours: me like this game
played this game for a little while then I got a pop up "tutorial finished", then I realised 7 hours have actually passed and I got a kid and a wife now, but I must sacrifice them for the factory
A lot of content, spent a quarter of my time trying to go to space if you like factory games this is the 1 for you
never had a drug addiction, i think this is the closest you will get
This game has me wanting to skip meals. I'd rather play this game than listen to my biological needs,  Being this addictive 10 years after its initial release.
One of the best game i've ever played! Best automation game of all
Yes
iT IS SO FUN 
The factory MUST GROWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW!
I bought this game 2 days ago.
The factory must grow. 8/10
Great game.
Its alright
's alright
Got fired from my job. Now this is my job.
Yes
Takes a while to get used to but its really a fun game
This ♥♥♥♥ is crack
this game changes you
The Factory must grow
I like trains.
The whole thing
Yes
People say the game can be beat in 40 hours on the first play through... Then you discover perfect production. Rebuild.  More SPM is feasible? Rebuild.  Space Age Looks interesting... Replay.  Infinite playability and replayability.  Just Buy it.
great game
The factory must grow.
place inserters backwards
made my brain work so absolute banger
yes
Very
I have enjoyed playing Factorio and the space add on. But, unfortunately, the space add on no longer exist and has been replaced with Space Age. Space age is a waste of money. You dont get much more gameplay and those few things you can do in Space Age are more cumbersome than fun. Factorio used to be a manufacturing game, where one of the big fun challenges was the logistics part - how to automate logistic efficiently. In Space Age, you have to manually transport cargo from planet to planet, making it so boring. Why did they remove the nice challenging space mod and replaced it with a worthless paid expansion pack.
Add keyboard-only controls; it's very uncomfortable to play on a laptop.
It's like crack. I live under a bridge now. Avoid at all costs!
i do really reccomend factorio its extreamely extreamely stupidly addicting but on very simple contraptions it might take u 8 hours  the futher u get the more basic elements u add until it becomes a complex element and so on and you also can nuke aliens that u are colonizing so they cant do anything and its extreamly fun i advocate for its soo good i love it and  you you you like should probably buy it if u want factorio and to solve problems that are very fun to solve did i mention you get trains? ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ TRAINS?? thats insane they even run bugs over its soo fun it has co-op too but no one cares i would NEVER share my machines and profits with anyone else now it may get lonely but i have factorio and my machines that keep my company and thats all i need to hear the sounds of machines mining working and killing and my peace and quiet thats all one needs to survive thats all i need to survive i need factorio and so do you, buy factorio you should buy factorio now you should trust me
10/10 would crack oil again
[h1]A Masterclass in Optimization[/h1]  [b]Bottom Line:[/b] If you value freedom, stability, and well-organized systems, this game is for you.  [hr][/hr]  [h1]The Gameplay Loop[/h1] I strongly recommend starting with the tutorial to understand the base mechanics. Once you have that foundation, hop into Free Play. This is where the game truly opens up.  There is no hand-holding. You are free to build, explore, and solve problems your own way. You figure things out step-by-step as you move along. If you enjoy total agency without arbitrary direction, you will love this.  [h1]The Developer Perspective[/h1] As a software engineer, I have massive respect for how this game is built. [list] [*] [b]Optimization:[/b] This is one of the most performant games I have ever played. It handles massive complexity without dropping frames. [*] [b]Visuals:[/b] I was initially skeptical of the 2D aesthetic, but once you start playing, you realize the design is perfectly functional. It is clean and readable. [*] [b]Stability:[/b] It feels like a codebase where "zero errors" was the standard. [/list]  [h1]Steam Deck[/h1] The controls are extremely intuitive, and the performance is rock solid. It is a perfect portable experience.  [hr][/hr]  [b]Verdict:[/b] Highly recommended for anyone who enjoys sinking hundreds of hours into designing, building, and protecting complex systems. It's just perfect for those type of people. Make sure you have plenty of time to play it, it isn't one of those games you can just drop in and play for like 20 minutes. Well, it's certainly not easy to do that haha.
10/10 GAME !!! I cant stop playing.
Great game, just figured you can press alt to show usefull informations
very fun and adicting and compacted
good game
Evil developers made crack cocaine for autistic people who love making trains
Absolute banger
A perfect videogame
Very Addicting Game!
da pra trabalhar numa factoria kkkk
very good
Great game
Autism simulator
The factory must grow

gaming
The whole game is a nice tutorial for those who haven't dealt with the madness that is Minecraft factory automation modpacks.  Very well made! Time to play the Space Exploration mod.
11 / 10
yeah its alright ig
healed my arachnophobia with the Spidertron
This was recommended to me by a friend ages ago. I love the concept and when you get deep into the game it can be very intense indeed. You have to be on the ball because this isn't turn based, it's pretty hectic from the word go. An afternoon or evening can go by very quickly once you get going. Whether you drop £30 or £40 on Steam itself or slightly less on Loaded etc then it's money well spent. Get the snacks and drinks on standby because you're going to need them because you might well forget to make your dinner because of playing this haha. Great game.
IF you like a game that eats all your time, has endless possibilities and more Mods then you can ever Play, its yours
this addiction killed my other addictions
IMHO Best game for technical mindset ppl
The factory must grow.
Drugs for my OCD.
oh no, i spiled the spiggite
All is factory, factory is all. The factory must grow, it cannot be stopped, even if were to stop playing and never touch the factory again it would keep growing in my mind, calling me back.
fun
my favorite game ever!
Yes!!
I love ts game 
I desire freedom from the factory
first game to make me yell racial slurs at rail signals 10/10
addicting.
The older I get, The more my taste in games is refined, and the more factorio I find myself playing.
What the factorio is going on...
Nice game, but time flies when you try to automate everything. In this game, the perfect automation is the real dopamine hit.
Crack
this is as addictive as crack
Yeah, it's a great game
addictive
Beware, it's so good that it can be highly addictive
Factory must grow!
I decided after getting more than 600 hours out of the game so far (still enjoying it), then it was probably worth recommending as a 'Yes' to buy.  Once you've played enough of the regular planet, the space age certainly adds more to the game.  And if that's not enough, there are a whole load of mods, to make the game easier, or harder, depending what you're in the mood for.    Factorio is pretty much the gold standard of automation games.
The first two weeks of playing this game are the most brain-stimulating experience you will ever have, harder than any drugs you could try. You will lose your job, your friends, your family, your sleep. Not that any of it matters; the factory must grow. The only things on your mind are belts full of iron and copper, inserters, and electronic circuit assembling machines. There hasn’t been a single day since I bought this game that I haven’t recommended it to my friends. If you are autistic and into computer science, this is for you. Yes, the price is worth it. No, it will never go on sale.
it`s just crack as a game
The first impression is a bit rough. But my God this game is addictive once you start learning about solution to common problems. If you like relaxed games that allows total creative freedom then you are in for a treat. You decide how much of a challenge you want. I have nothing but positive things to say about this game. It's amazing.
This game is the equivalent to the CIA putting crack in black neighborhoods in the 1980s but for the autistic community.
This game is absolutely the best of all the factory games I own. It has everything you could want and more when you start throwing mods into play.
I've lost so many hours to this game and I will continue to do so. I don't think my autism ridden brain has ever had a game that is like crack to my dopamine receptors
i like the colours
One of the big greats when it comes to resource harvesting and base building games. This game of this genre does have combat and defence against alien forces. It's easy to spend waaaay too much time playing if you don't watch the clock.  A bit of a learning curve of what works and what doesn't, along with game specific controls, but figuring out what works is usually part of the fun of refining production. It does have flexibility on how hard you want the game to be before you start a new world/save file.
There's a reason it's referred to as "Crack-torio"
The factory must grow, and so must my playtime
Ultimate time-consuming machine. Played five hours and didn't even get to level 4 of research. Can't even imagine how to automate this without prior knowledge and without utilizing endless screens of spaghetti lines. Despite this, I can easily see myself sinking a couple hundred hours in the game, but I will pass on it for now.
the best engineering and survival game ive ever played
I can no longer enjoy other factory games.
GOOD
Factorio is a game about gathering resources, crafting items, and then ultimately automating crafting items. There is a minor focus on combat. This simply a mechanic to break up the monotony of crafting and providing a consequence to over expanding. In the end once you have mastered the combat it can easily be disabled as it is more of a nuisance. Mind you the combat is not bad but its not very challenging on its own. This is merely any obstacle to manage with your factory.  The main point of the base game is to automate the crafting of items. You will start by crafting out base materials, the gradually upgrade to more complex items to craft. Science items will need to be crafted to unlock new recipes with the ultimate goal of unlocking the recipe for crafting a rocket to send to space. This is the ultimate goal of the base game.  Now with all of this said I am at 470+ hrs of game play and I just now have starting using the most advanced items (I was previously achievement hunting). Granted I have beaten the game much before now with much less than optimal play. The truest goal of the game for most players is optimizing your factory.  For anyone interested in this game, I highly recommend playing the demo. This will give you access to the tutorial which took me about 12 hours to complete. This itself is almost a full game for free as far as how many hours you will get out of it. If you love the game afterwards I would recommend you buy the game at full price as there are many many more hours of entertainment in the full game. Also the developers have previously mentioned the game will never be on sale.  * As a side note I do not own the DLC and I have not played any mods. There are many more hours of content to enjoy as the modding community is very strong *
good addicting game the only thing i hate is that thr resources can runout 
mmmm tastey
Very addictive and can keep my attention for a long time, rather than being an easy finish.
goooood gmae
I mean Ill never beat it but I love playing it
This is the cure for ADHD.
The factory must grow.
"I tried so hard and got so far, but in the end, it doesn't even matter."  Every time I encountered a quality of life issue or design problem I found a mod to mitigate them. After doing this about 15 times, I can't continue. There are just too many deficiencies for me to struggle against and enjoy the game.  I played Satisfactory for over 200 hours and can guarantee you that it is superior to Factorio.
good
Its call Cracktorio for a reason.
Really fun
god i love this game i play it for like 4 hours then look at the time and see its like 4 am and think na i can keep going even this game has become and addiction
good good
Best Game ever!
This game is unique, it stretches my brain in many ways. I recommend, you feel stupid, but not in a bad way.
"crack"-torio "crack"-age
This is the perfect game. I don't own Factorio, Factorio owns me.
like crack but better
My autism knows no bounds, I accidentally played 6 hours on the first day I had this game (no, that is not a joke)
Very good
Yea, my soul has been taken. I'm a teacher, I teach music, I'm getting my teaching license, I'm living in another country, and I'm learning the language in that country.   All I can say is..... the factory music grow.
I loved the gameplay. Even tho i still don't understand what I'm doing.
better than sex
The factory must grow!
the og factory builder, nothing compares to it
Crack Legal brain drugs Effects No time Lack of time Brain Lack of movement  Give your money it's worth it
whats next on the list captn
Good game.
colonizer simulator; would recommend to autists
This is THE iconic factory game. Endlessly replayable with a built in community-led mod loader, and a gameplay loop that is more addictive than crack cocaine. Practically bugless. (well... I guess there are a few bugs, but they try to eat your factory, so...)
PLAY THIS FUCIN GAME
Amazing game to play with friends, not super fun alone. other than that super fun game to play.
Very good
Fun, lots of 'ah-ha' moments as you discover better ways to do things.
Super chilled game. Enjoyed taking the time to learn and figure out stuff.
A very good game with an enormous modding scene that massively extends its lifespan. Even the base game can keep you busy for hundreds of hours, but mods take it to another level. I especially recommend trying the Pyanodons modpack - it adds mind-bending complexity and can easily deliver another thousand hours of gameplay. If you enjoy deep systems, optimization puzzles, and watching your brain slowly turn into a conveyor belt, this game is for you. Factory must grow.
goodness is to be good or something also space exploration make game so much better
crazy addicting
Honestly if I had this game when I was in colleague I would be a homeless by now for sure.   10/10
its so peak
Its okay
Best Factory game of all time
I don't think there's a better factory game on the market. This game is a steal at twice the price.  Innate modding support, too.
Its a fun game, its starts boring but the after a while it gets fun
In my experience, it's a little bit hard to get myself to start a play session, but once you get going, you can be there for hours. Gameplay is all critical thinking and optimization so the addiction you will inevitably get will arguably be good for you.  Definitely take your Adderall for this if you have ADHD, you'll have an absolute blast.
it's addictive like crack. get this game if you don't like going out
Cracktorio
This is one of my favorite games of all time. Its continuously interesting in a way that few games are... even after a few hundred hours.
 the factory speaks
Autism Simulator
ቶንግሼን በጣም ቆንጆ ነሽ የኔ አይነት ነሽ ምርጥ አምላክ ነሽ የሊግ ኦፍ
peak
Still the best game for me, after 10 or so year
Cool game.
the factory must grow
autism personified
I highly recommend this game though you run the risk of losing friends,weight and your job.
THE FACTORY MUST GROW!
I shall simply say, it is called Cracktorio for a reason
There's a voice in my head that tells me that I must grow the factory now. 10/10, would recommend.
This game is AMAZING
This is a one way time machine,
if crack were a game
yea its okay bring vyvanse 
The Factory Must Grow... so get this and help it grow.
Yeah it's good
Very addictive!
Good game
Must produce. Much resource. Many bugs. Wow
It's fine
It's pretty good
Adictive. Smart, and i just started... its the perfect way to spend your weekend far away from civilization and just you and your bots
I love it, but am very bad at it.
literally a perfect game
Factorio is so difficult to understand, but once you discovered how to use the Factorio Calculator online and how to absolutely nuke the bugs, it's so much fun to EXPAND THE FACTORY.
My brain has been impaled by 3000 20 inch shafts
Good game, highly addicting. Dlc is amazing.
Fantastic game!
Good
it's called Cracktorio for a reason
Hands down the best in the business, if you like factory building, deep research and making large scale production. On top of that it has the best modding community, where you can add complete new playstyles. For example Warptorio adds a completely different flavour, which I really enjoy.
Pretty sure hard drugs are less addicting than this...Just started another modded run  after telling myself i was going to take a break after 500hrs last year, that was a lie.
My wifes boyfriend said I play this game too much.  What does Mr 12 years of medicine skool know about factorio?  Nothing. The spagettie must grow... 5/4
Mmmmm.  Is good, yes.  Obsessed.
I dont have enough time in the game yet. Ill post back on this and give you an honest awnser.
went into Factorio expecting a fun automation game. What I didn’t expect was how completely it would take over my way of thinking.  After about 26 hours, I’m still in the early/mid game and constantly saying “just one more improvement” — and suddenly it’s 2 AM. The core loop of building, breaking, optimizing, and rebuilding is incredibly satisfying. Every bottleneck feels like a puzzle, and every fix feels earned.  What really stands out is how deep the systems are without feeling overwhelming. The game teaches you through play, and the sense of progression is fantastic. You start with spaghetti, and slowly turn chaos into something resembling a real factory.  Performance is excellent, the mod support is huge, and the developers clearly care about long-term quality.  If you enjoy optimization, logistics, or games that make you feel smarter the more you play, Factorio is absolutely worth your time.
I havnt truly gotten into it myself as much as id like but i already know this game is pure Autism and i look forward to it.
I barely understand this game. 10/10
There's more depth and sense of objective or goal compared to Satisfactory, although it lacks as much sense of exploration.  Overall a nice sidegrade and a fun new experience.
Amazing
just buy it already.
the factory must grow
fun
There is no end to the factory.
i reccomend
27 hours on record, game purchased 28 hours ago. Enough said. Trains.
The factory must grow!
Have you ever tried heroin and thought "this is alright, but I need something more addictive that will eat up more of my life"? Well, look no further than the 2D factory-building pollute-'em-up Factorio! You will boot this game up, start making progress, and before you know it, you've spent several days automating so you can get flasks of blue Gatorade for your rave domes, you've lost enough sleep that you're seeing the hat man, and you see conveyors when you close your eyes!   100/10, highly recommend to every autistic person (and not just because there's trains lol)
I dont even want to start how addictive Cracktorio is, If you like to think and automate its ideal game. If You want to forget how grass looks like then go for it :)
This is perfection in shape of a game. You can really see that this was a project of love, ingenuity and dedication. Everything was so well designed and thought through, it is hard to comprehend how someone's mind can do that. Anyhow, this game is pure addiction though, when I play I go 35 hours straight because this game really tickles my brain the right way.
Addicting.
the factory must grow
I will play this game for hundreds of hours every few months for the rest of my life.
Awesome game! And community mods can enhance or change completely the gameplay in case you feel bored.
Mine make Mine make Mine automate 10 out of 10
good
great game
Un pozo sin fondo para arrojár allí tu tiempo. Cómpralo, no lo pienses.
Wow
The factory must grow
honestly a ton of fun with friends
It is the only game in my library that i have 100%. Love it building factory and watching it chug along is so satifsing. Space Age just made it 4 times better. Quality made it more interesting to aim for the legendary stuff sadly trains have been made obsolete.
It's alright. Might play a bit.
Global warming is my ♥♥♥♥♥
its fun
I love the endless possibilities for setting up your factory. and trains I love the trains
Cractorio
I have had this in my library for ages and never got past the first hour.  However, picked it up again and have really gotten into it.  I can't imagine trying to play this game without using hints and tips off the Internet, though.
The factory must grow
Влад, купи уже факторио пж, ты заебал
Might be the best game I've ever played. No matter how many games I play - automation or not - I find myself always coming back to Factorio. It scratches an itch no other game comes close to, and I could play it forever.  The game has an amazing "difficulty" as well. You can make huge factories where everything is built with perfect ratios and managed with logic-gates, but you can also beat the game without ever thinking about that too hard.  Similarly, you can play with mods or the DLC enabled to make the game longer and more complex, so you will never truly run out of content.
Great game very replayable.
Great game if you like factory and automation games. The satisfaction of seeing hundreds of items enter your factory side by side and then leave your factory as hundreds of new materials hasn't ben matched by any other game yet.
Pretty fun game, recommend.
Cractorio for reason :D
i mean, what can i say that hasnt been said before? its a masterpiece in factory building and automation. i love this game.
bad game.  Not enough hours in a day to keep playing it.
The best automatisation game that I've seen/played. It starts from mining/crafting by your character to give you basic tools for automatisation and next thing you notice you are managing growing production system.  It starts simple - few belts, few assemblers, few inserters but each step deeper gives you more options to make it more complex and more interesting "puzzle" to solve to optimise some part of production. And it got trains.
addicting and satisfying
Insanely well made game with a great mod community and endless hours of gameplay.
Scratches a very particular kind of itch.
I have just bought this game and I have one sentence in mind: What the hell have I put myself into? I can already imagine how much sleep I will lose to this game.
is gut
Fun game. I like it.
1988 game of the year
It might not go on sale, but it's totally worth it.
I mean, It's aight
highly dangerous
This is one of the best indie games ever and also my favorite game from 2025.  The automation process is really enjoyable, I frequently play many hours in a row. It feels like there's an infinite way to improve the production chain, while I can experiment with assembly groups, mini-bases, defense systems etc. All the new stuff from the research tree keeps the game fresh, so there's a fun incentive to keep increasing the production output and to automate everything to make every base stronger and cooler.  The tutorials are a bit hard to grasp because some subsystems are just not very intuitive - like trains and signals. It's better to just consider them to be puzzles.  The replay value is good: when I start a new save, I come with my refined experience from previous failures, so I can solve certain problems before they appear. There's a speedrunning aspect to the game and it's nice to observe how others calculate the requirements and build a factory that unlocks the ending really fast.  The survival aspect is more about countering threats with creative defense systems - the alien bugs exist primarily to prevent easy expansion, but they're not like a constant hustle to deal with. The fighting can be mostly automated, but there's always room for strategy to make the offensive skirmishes cheaper to execute.
The factory must grow
This game is awesome I did not know if I was going to like it at first but it was a great purchase for $35
Addictive.
Engages my creativity like no game I've played in decades. Wahoo!
Mindustry is way better
This game diagnosed me with autism
This game makes being confused fun as hell, if you think you like this kind of game, then you probably will like this kind of game, because the game just simply works.
Great game
Very fun and addicting.
220 hours and you feel like John Snow who knows nothing... but loves spaghetti, lol
cant recommend enough
This game is like autistic crack cocaine.
be carful
I LOVE IT  its so fun to build without limits i love this game i recomend it a hundred precent 
It's pretty good
digital crack
It's alright.   I only played for a couple hours though, so it might be better if you play for a few more hours than me.  For some reason, it gave me this uncontrollable sense that my factory had to grow. So weird.
The Factory Must Grow
gg
ery noice  faktory
i do love it
It's called cracktorio for a reason...
A good little game for casual play. Pretty good.
THE FACTORY MUST GROW!!!!!
One of the best base building games I have ever played. Little bit of a learning curve but once you get the hang of it the game becomes extremely fun to play!
incredible
Its ok
One of my favorite games of all time!  Finally completed all the achievements.  The original and expansion are well worth the money.
you liked minecraft, but needed more autism
At this point the electricity to run the PC is more expensive than the game itself. And it still has things to do
ça va, c'est pas mal.
I have played this game for only 10 hours... but I no longer want to do crack. I have found a new addiction
The factory calls to me, it keeps me awake at night, i cannot sleep for the factory must grow.
Theres nothing that I can say that hasnt been said. Amazing 11/10 game
mrda
Fact-astic game!
The other reviews saying what they're saying about this game being as addictive as it is - they're all true.  I racked up 20 hours play in 2 days over a weekend.  Surprised my wife didn't divorce me.    Bought on the switch 2 initially then decided I needed to make use of my 57" monitor so I could see allll the belts.  You'll find yourself accomplishing a build, and then thinking 'cool, that's all working nice now'.  Then you'll get a research unlock and you'll have to change something, and then you figure out you didn't leave enough space for that belt and then you refactor some more, and then some more.    The game is addictive.  It is fulfilling and it is deep.    Oh, and once you unlock the logistics bots, don't do what I did and rip out 95% of your belts.  That's a silly idea and you'll take a week off to lament your failure.    The bugs though man.  They're a pita.  You get lasers, they get beefier and harder and eat you quicker.  Watch them.  Kill them.    I haven't explored mods yet, perhaps I'll do that today.  Best game I've bought on steam.  Most hours played ever, and considering I've only had it a few weeks, and I've had my steam account for 22 years, that's crazy.
Best
I bought Factorio with hesitation. My friend just clocked in about a hundred hours, so I thought I could play with him. 2 hours in and I instantly fell in love. Blueprint mechanics, roboports, trains and rails, logistics. Integration of these mechanics were clear simple and seamless.  Tower defense mechanics combined with pollution management was well thought. I have complains about tree and wood being useless for most of the game. However I'm more than happy that I was able to experience it. This game has much better progression and doesn't prolong artificially like satisfactory does. Can't wait to play Space age.
Good way to role play as an engineer after a day's work as an engineer
if you haven't played this game why haven't you played it
This game is dopamine
just plain old crack
Excellent game
THIS GAME IS CRACK FOR MY AUTISTIC BRAIN 16 HOURS IN AND I'M ALREDY ADDICTED 10/10  WILL REPLACE ALL YOUR OTHER PRIORITIES IN LIFE MMMMM.... CRACKTORIO
farm merge valley for unemployed people
Got addicted to this game within the first hour. One of the best resource management games I've played and the sprites are beautiful. I have no idea how two guys pulled this game off well, but they did it. Highly recommend!
GOATED game
Very fun building game!!
Great Game
300+ hours in and I am just learning about a bus.
chud gaming
The best management/tycoon game I've ever played. A massive sandbox, where through trial and error, you figure out that there's a much better way to build your factory at least 10 times over. A constant cycle of problem solving that is so natural that it never feels overwhelming or beyond ability to solve. It's wonderful.
Great game, have over 300 hours and have yet to even begin the Space Age lol.   Factorio's strength is the core gameplay loop, that being juggling several things at once: biters, miners, electricity, you name it. It has computer science written all over it, so if you like problem solving and bringing order to chaos, this game is for you.  One interesting thing I like about this game is the research, you have to research everything useful in this game and constantly make sure you have enough materials in order to research them. Not only do you get to unlock new things, but you get to upgrade your weapons, and defend your base better.  [h3]Space Age[/h3] Some people don't like Space Age, and there are a few okay reasons not to like it (okay reasons, not good lol). One of those being that they changed a lot of the crafting stages, for example modules and spidertrons. To be honest they should have just added new things on top of that so that people playing wouldn't be caught by surprise by this change. However I think the positive outweighs the bad. My favourite part of Space Age so far is the quality modules. I like that you now have the option to put quality modules in pretty much anything and have a chance to spawn new, better quality, items. This is incredibly useful for weapons and ammo, but also for crafting machines and other modules. Yes you can even make higher quality electricity cables and they will reach further in area and distance.   Again I haven't even gone to space yet and I already like Space Age. I think I will easily play 2000 hours of this game by the time I'm done with it (if ever), so I think it is well worth the $100 CAD (including taxes).  Just remember one thing: [i]the factory must grow.[/i]
Allow me to babble incoherently for a bit; Hah hah! Mods... Mods mods mods!  But in all seriousness: This game continues to be one of the greatest of its genre. Supremely replayable even without mods, though there are some I wouldn't dream of running a game without these days.
Played this, Satisfactory and Dyson Sphere Project. This is a great factory sim, as are the other 2. If you're wondering which factory sim to choose, here's a few pointers on the three.  Satisfactory: For people who love asthetics, 3D beauty and letting your imagination run wild with factory pieces that don't serve a purpose other than to beautify it.  Dyson Sphere Project: If you love to explore space and build a star cluster of factories, this is for you - travelling through the star cluster is a must and then there's the universal enemy which you must confront eventually. Manage interstellar logistics and watch your ships warp to distant worlds. In my opinion, an upgraded version of factorio.  Factorio: For people who love to optimize the heck out of a factory, it's not as visually appealing as  the others, however the gameplay is centered on managing throughput and it's a more polished experience than the other two. You can play around with some of the gameplay mechanics (heh) and create a factory so efficient, it'll make the Germans seem like the Spanish! There is a little exploration and making train networks is pretty fun. There's some space exploration in the expansion, however it's all top down view and pretty "flat". Still, its quite addictive with the enemies attacking you as your pollution level rises.
peak
Absolutely fantastic game, runs great on every PC I've played and its a good game to just pick up for an hour here and there. Would recommend
⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
I have played 20 in the last 3 days of getting this game. This is crack
Just came back to it after a year. Immediately dropped 8 hours into it like nothing. Do reccommend.
If you enjoy games like Minecraft (technical builds), Cities: Skylines, or puzzle games, Factorio is perfect. Different maps, mods, playstyles, and challenges mean you can play it for hundreds of hours without getting bored. The graphics are simple, but the gameplay is incredibly deep.  Once it clicks, it’s hard to stop playing.
I rarely leave comments but this game scratches every engineering and programming itch I have. 10/10
i built things without knowing what i was doing and it worked good game
extremely addicting. insanely satisfying. global warming has never felt so good.    11/10 stupid alien attacks
Can't... sleep... factory... must... grow...!  Amazing game, even better with friends! (even if they destroy your trains and optimize your belts)
Buying this game will insure you have extremely high difficulty when speaking to female. Be warned playing this game for over 1000-1500 hours will make you sub-human, I have personally proven this theory. The cost of this game is so much higher than it's price. BUT    there are trains
This game is my life now when i'm at working i'm sketching factory designs. you dont need a gf. You dont need a wife. you dont need a bf. you dont need a husband. you need the Factory. \
factiurito
the factory must grow
10/10 would recommend.
game fun
Tuff
I would recommend this game! It defines an entire genre and is a beautiful example of a well polished game.  I came from the old buildcraft days of minecraft and it was there my hunger for automation grew. This game was the one that satisfied that itch. Launched my first rocket 7+ yrs ago in early access, made it the edge of the solar system yesterday at 777hrs. Poetic. Now to get those rookie numbers up, the factory must grow
Factory must grow
the factory must grow
Yes
Cracktorio.
This game is digital crack. That's why they call it "Cracktorio". You will never be able to realize how badly you needed this game in your life until you play it for yourself.
Infinite possibilities, hours of gaming waiting for you. If you love being satisfied, fight for your life and destroy your brain with logistics ... what are you waiting for!!  DLC is waiting for me :)
when you see trailer you got excited, when you try to play it overwhelmed you and you start over and over again
The factory must grow
The Factory Must Grow
The Factory must grow.
i started playing at 6:00pm then and i looked at the clock and saw 1:30am my sleep is cooked but it was worth it
If you play this game you will fast forward a month. You will be consumed with the thought the factory must grow!
Avoid if you want to live your life happily and with plentiful rest. Otherwise, the facatory must grow
good
Stay away, kids. Addiction is real and no joke.  I am clean for about a week now and I don't know if I can keep it up much longer.
Yaya!
It's a pretty great game
this game is legalized crack
Highly addicting. Fun game, not upset in the least for $35!
10/10 Would not Reccomend
a+
This game will take over your life. I go home from engineering classes to be a space engineer. I would recommend this to anyone who is severly autistic
Randomizing and clearing my backlog- 30/343  One of the greatest, most addicting games I’ve ever played. I can’t stop, nor will I. Backlog is on backlog again.   Edit after launching. I have to force myself to quit for awhile and get  back to my backlog. Perfect game.
Simply the best. Space Age expansion is one of the world wonders
If you like dysfunction and embracing chaos, this Bud's for you.
Say goodbye to sleep
"use gun. and if that don't work, use more gun."
Can be overwhelming. With my 350 h I started 4 times, got to space twice and finished the DLC once. So definitively worth the 30 bucks.
This is a fun game that I played with my friend.  It is great to play online together so you can coordinate building and defending everything well.  He is great at optimizing things and I was great at getting stuff started so it worked out well.  Definitely a complex game that is fun to master!
Are you autistic? Do you like to solve complex logistical puzzles and tend to invest way too much time into developing elegant solutions? Do you like trains? Are you ready to invest weeks into overcoming the steep learning curve? Are you unemployed?  -> This game is for you  Are you depressed and/or do you have difficulty making decisions? Does complexity overwhelm you? Do you think math and spreadsheets are for nerds? Do you want fresh, good looking graphics that make your expensive gaming PC shine? Do you look for quick, easy dopamine and fun? Do you have limited time on your hands?  -> You wont enjoy this
The Factory must grow....
reto actoral, de no laburar a laburar
TFMG
pedoro 
It's basically the most brain tickling job. It is a number go up type game, but it also has a cozy arranging furniture, farm sim vibe. At first everything is tedious, but then you realize you can solve your tedium with systems and eventually your systems can produce their own systems. The growth feels like magic, the maintenance feels satisfying. The learning is deep and engaging.
solid game
I like this game.
Scratches that itch
Games good, runs great even on my work toaster.
Only 111 hours into the base game and I'm feeling the addiction
This game is easily my favorite game of all time. It has endless replay value, thousands of mods, and [i]so unbelievably many[/i] quality of life shortcuts and tricks to make this game feel good. The thing that makes Factorio different than the other factory builders out there is that the mechanics never feel like they get in the way of your designs. Blueprints are insanely powerful. You'll have thousands upon thousands of construction bots and logistic bots swarming your base just to make your life easier, letting you focus on the fun bit: [b]Designing factories.[/b]  The list of things you can do is nearly endless. You can design rail lines and train stations to carry cargo from your remote outposts to your main factory. You'll be launching dozens of rockets to load your orbiting spaceship to go to a different planet. You'll be raining death from above by remotely piloting a squad of two dozen robotic spiders that have rapid fire rocket launchers. You'll be carefully setting up a nuclear fission reactor and uranium centrifuges. Then, later, you will set up a nuclear [i]fusion[/i] reactor.  This game is unbelievably fun. And, if you don't like how something works, there's almost certainly a mod that someone has made for it. You can truly go anywhere. There's one mod called Pyanodons that adds thousands of new items, recipes, and mechanics. To fully complete a game of Pyanodons takes people at least a thousand hours of gametime.  Get the game. It doesn't go on sale. It's worth it. You won't regret it.  Well, your sleep schedule might.
im addicted i havent seen my fiance in 12 hours
The factory must grow.
the factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must growthe factory must grow
I enjoyed Oxygen not Included and although very different games, if you liked that you would like this.  If you like to engineer solutions you'll enjoy the game.   I had heard about it for a long time and am glad I gave it a shot.  Still on my way in first play through but can say its very worth it for me.
baught the game and spent the next 15 hours on it
It's alright I guess
more addictive than the crack under my bed
I can't stop thinking about it. The factory, it must grow.
i used to have a productive life now i have an even more productive factory 11/10
wayyy too addictive
Humility  Song by Gorillaz ‧ 2018   Lyrics  Calling the world from isolation 'Cause right now, that's the ball where we be chained And if you're coming back to find me You'd better have good aim  Shoot it true, I need you in the picture That's why I'm calling you (Calling you)  I'm the lonely twin, the left hand Reset myself and get back on track I don't want this isolation See the state I'm in now?  Calling the hunter with the rifle 'Cause right now, that's the ball where we be chained  Shoot it true, I want you in the picture That's why I'm calling you (Calling you)  I'm the lonely twin, the left hand Reset myself and get back on track  I don't want this isolation See the state I'm in now?  If I pick it up when I know that it's broken Do I put it back? Or do I head out onto the lonesome trail And let you down?  I'm the lonely twin The left hand (If I pick it up when I know that it's broken) (Do I put it back?) I don't want this isolation (Or do I head out onto the lonesome trail) See the state I'm in now? (And let you down?)  If I pick it up when I know that it's broken Do I put it back? Or do I head out onto the lonesome trail And let you go?  Source: Musixmatch  Songwriters: Damon Albarn / James Ellis Ford / George Benson / Remi Kabaka  Humility lyrics © Warp Music Limited, Downtown Dlj Songs, Triangle Music Company, Warner Chappell Music Ltd
changed my life for the worse, totally recommend
factory must grow 
There is nothing I can write that hasn't been already. Buy it lose hours/days of or life you wont regret it
The factory must grow
Only drug addicts can relate to the way this game makes me feel
Probably the best game ever made. I love it!
its good
I have to imagine this is what smoking crack feels like.
Just bought space age, my life is actually over
i love construction bots, i love flamethrower turrets, i love logistics bots, i love blue science, i love green science, i hate military science, i love trains, i love napalm, i love pollution, i love factorio
My first automation game and I want to play it all the time. It’s very well balanced and 100% recommended if you want to start playing this type of game.
This is like lowk best games I've ever played. Play with a friend, play the tutorial little bro. Worth 35 buckaroos
Oh god what have I done to myself it was just noon how is it almost 8 pm.
Addicting af
would
i mean, its factorio, how can you not like it
The factory must grow
It's like time travel.  If you need to pass time, set an alarm or two, then open up Factorio. You will reach your desired time without even realising.
THE FACTORY MUST GROW BIGGER. PURGE THE XENO SCUM!!!
Factory is indeed growing, as is my playtime
HOLY ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ ITS 1:00AM
Arguably the best game I've ever played, especially now with the Space Age expansion.  It has so many components, and can be easily tailored to your preferred playstyle.  It is a tower-defense, survival craft, sandbox builder, resource management type of game that allows you to apply your own creativity to achieve your desired goals.  You can invest time in creating elaborate train networks or keep it simple with conveyor belts.  You can design everything yourself or borrow blueprints from others.  You can build everything "by hand" or let your robots do the job.  You can make the maps rich with resources or scarce.  You can dramatically increase the quantity of "native citizens" or turn them off entirely.  The game leaves this entirely up to you.  A job VERY well done by the developers!
Stratches my brain itch. Smart enough to make me work. Fun enough to not feel like work. I recommend playing through the original a few times before taking on Space Age. Space Age takes everything you knew about the original and takes it up to the next level. One of the best games I've ever played.
After three hours im still enjoying the game.
After more than a year and roughly 800 hours in Factorio, I can say this without hesitation: this game deserves real recognition for what it achieves.  What sets Factorio apart is not just that it’s addictive—it’s that it stays rewarding. Every time I come back, whether after a short break or weeks away, the game still manages to pull me in with the same sense of curiosity and satisfaction. There’s always something to optimize, rethink, rebuild, or improve. The factory is never “done,” and that’s exactly the point.  The core gameplay loop—design, automate, scale, solve—hits a rare balance. It’s intellectually demanding without being frustrating, and complex without being bloated. Problems feel earned. Solutions feel yours. When something finally clicks, the payoff is immense.  What’s especially impressive is how well the game respects the player:  Systems are deep but consistent.  Mechanics behave logically.  Complexity grows at your pace.  Even hundreds of hours in, I still find myself saying, “I could do this better,” and that thought alone fuels entire new playthroughs. Mods, different design philosophies, and self-imposed constraints extend the life of the game far beyond what most titles ever reach.  On top of that, performance and polish are outstanding. The game runs smoothly even at absurd scales, updates are thoughtful, and it’s clear the developers care deeply about the integrity of the experience rather than chasing trends.  In short: Factorio isn’t just a game you play—it’s a system you grow into. If you enjoy problem-solving, optimization, or the quiet satisfaction of building something efficient from chaos, this is one of the best-designed games ever made.  800 hours in, and I’m still not done.
You got time? you like things ruuning the way you want? can you swear at yourself? then this game is for you!
I'm just trying this game out!  Was what I've planned to say before I played for 13 hours. Dear god just realizing it's already been 13 hours. 
help
got this game december 30th, had 24hrs on it by January 2nd. If you love your social life dont get this game. 
this is the grandfather of automation gams
[h1] CRACK [/h1]
I've now spend more than 100 hours on this game and with every passing time I found this cathartic and pleasing in every way possible. It has provided me a space to not only enjoy the game mechanism but also just pass time in serene manner. I've been officially 'cracktorized'! If you are looking for something addictive, automation and satisfying game, this surely meets all the necessaties. Lastly, the factory must grow!
Unfortunately too addicting for someone with an automation brain, but besides that no complaints.
It's my honest 4 hour review of Factorio. Still I'm completing tutorial, wouldn't say that it's bad at all, on the contrary, it carefully guided me from the first stage to the penultimate one.  I like it for being sandbox PvE game, I lack this kind of games at the moment, definitely that's the [b] PLUS [/b]  The game, like Minecraft, provides scope for creativity and encourages improvements in the efficiency of various systems.
I can still hear the drills drilling ore
Awesome game.
More addictive than opioids
it gives me the heebie jeebies... i eat 30 rats and its not enough... so i eat 40... but its not enough... more rats... for ratpit...
oh factorio how i would love to see you in bed with my girlfriend
Factorio Factorio Factorio Factorio  
Absolutly amazing one of the best reasource managment/automation/factory games I've seen and played. It's the type of game you blink twice and boom its 6 in the morning and you've been playing for 12 hours straight worth every penny, can't wait to play the dlc one I finish the game to it's full extend.
i've never finished the game myself and it relies on you knowing basic engineering
The factory must grow
The Factory, must grow.  It's a dammed fine way to shut off one's brain while still using it.
the factory must grow...
This makes me loose track of time. I start playing after lunch and suddenly the sun is going up again. My fellow engineers... The factory must grow.
Good.
If you like factory/building games, this is THE factory game. It is deep and very rewarding when you make progress. After many few hours, I feel like I'm still just scratching the surface. Can't recommend this enough.
It's like smoking meth
when i try to sleep, all i see is convayers and automation... the only reason i evene try to sleep is because my addiction to this game is still developing... 10/10, the factory must grow.
Probably the best game of automation and engineering
factory must grow
I haven’t played anything else for the last 3 weeks and have clocked over 100 hours in that time while also being in school. This game should be a schedule one narcotic
games is really fun and cant wait to get the dlc
It's never on sale because devs know they're selling you crack cocaine
I became addicted. Don't install if you are prone to crippling addictions.
Yes
The Factory Must Grow
The people have spoken, I am one of those people. This is a wonderful game that just scratches that brain itch. Can be customizable to your liking though settings and mods. DLC is definitely a must if you don't have enough complexity in vanilla, and like me, Space exploration mod further increased the complexity, if you love a good logistical challenge.
THE FACTORY MUST GROW
I dont get why the cartel bothers to sell cokaine when Factorio exists  In other words, i recommend it!    
WARNING HIGHLY ADDICTIVE!! WILL MELT BRAIN!!
So this is what a substance problem feels like
There is a reason this game is so popular. this one is right up my alley
The Factory Must Grow...  But My Brain Isn't Growing Fast Enough For The Factory!
nice game  A real time teleporter I sat down this morning and decided to upgrade the base a bit. I think I'm done. I look at the time and see that two hours have passed. Only the date is different.
the factory must grow
If you like it, you'll love it
a thing needs a thing needs a thing...
This game is for the unemployed. Amazing game
10/10
The factory must grow
the factory must grow
Nice
TW: Employment I might never fully recover from purchasing this game. If you have any upcoming plans (or upcoming days off from your j*b) you should probably wait to buy this game until after.
yes
Good game
loveit  EDIT: this is the best game i've ever played and its so niche
what is time?
Very addictive
The Factorio must grow. F*** Biters.
There is definitely one steep learning curve but that is what makes it fun, you have to take some initiative and solve the problem or not, you could just go on the internet and search for a tutorial where is the enjoyment in that am I right.  One hugely satisfying part of the game is making something large full of conveyors and all your material is stacked up and flowing as intended. If you want to make large factories you can turn bugs off, if you want the challenge leave them on or turn the spawns up, factorio lets you play YOUR way.
Its good
The factory must grow.
My 1st management game, and probably one of the most indulging games i've ever played!
god fun
Oh lord here goes my social life and all I hold dear
,
best factory theme game
amazing factory game and def a good game to play when you are bored but its hard to get into the game you just need to get through the first hour and ignore the graphics and youll like it When I beat it vanilla for the first time I was to excited my dih intensified and I felt some demon take over me and I gooned right there when my dad was in the room and i got beaten
really fun game, a little bit too addictive though
Very good game, best I played ever
The most and least relaxing game ever, bit expensive being $100 for the base + dlc but overall love it. I don't have the dlc, but would definitely buy it if the price came down
Recommended Playtime: 250+ hours  I’m starting yet another new Factorio playthrough, and at this point I’ve completely lost track of how many factories I’ve built, torn down, rebuilt, optimized, and then rebuilt again because I realized I could squeeze out 3% more efficiency. With over 250 hours played, I can confidently say this is one of the best-designed games I’ve ever touched.  Factorio is deceptively simple at the start: mine resources, automate production, research technology. But it very quickly turns into a deep, endlessly complex logistics puzzle where every solution creates two new problems you want to solve. There’s always a bottleneck somewhere, always a layout that could be cleaner, always a system that technically works but offends you on a spiritual level because you know it could be better.  What really sets Factorio apart is how rewarding it feels to learn. The game doesn’t hold your hand, but it gives you all the tools you need to succeed. When you finally understand ratios, trains, circuit logic, or oil processing, it feels earned. Mistakes aren’t just allowed—they’re part of the process. Every messy early factory becomes the blueprint for a cleaner, smarter one later.  The sense of progression is excellent. You start hand-feeding machines and end up orchestrating massive, self-sustaining production lines that span the map. Watching your factory grow from chaos into something (relatively) elegant is incredibly satisfying. And if you enjoy optimization, planning, and problem-solving, this game will absolutely consume your free time without you realizing it.  Even after hundreds of hours, Factorio never really runs out of things to do. Different map settings, self-imposed challenges, megabases, speedruns, or just trying a “this time I’ll do it right” run keep it fresh. And that’s before even touching mods, which add an absurd amount of replayability on their own.  Factorio isn’t flashy. It doesn’t rely on cutscenes or story beats. What it does have is near-perfect mechanics, rock-solid performance, and an incredibly addictive gameplay loop. If you enjoy games that respect your intelligence and reward patience and planning, this is an easy recommendation.  The factory must grow. And it always will.
Amazing game so far!
wwwwwwwwwww
THE FACTORY MUST GROW 
The Factory must grow.
Addicting
Отличный симулятор инженера!
If you want to be drip fed a steady dose of pure dopamine, play this game and thank me later
beetles again, and who stole my artillery?
POLLUTION IS A MAOJOR FOOD GROUP
Lost more hours of my life to this game than I can begin to describe. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ brilliant
2 player super hero tycoon
i like this game its amazing
Reason to buy: If you like building factories, automating productions, and optimising everything, this is it!  Reason not to buy: You don't have the time to waste on a totally captivating game. Be warned! This is digital crack!
THE FACTORY MUST GROW 
Autists heaven.
As good as it gets. Has ruined other games in the genre for me.
Nuanced and addicting
The GOAT
Literally one of the best games of all time.
the factory must grow
Factorio makes my brain hurt.
haven't even beat the game yet
The...Factory...Must...Grow...
FACTORY sleep bbbbbbpfsjkhbeijFB;jibf;jkib;jkb ;k ;kje k DIEGOS BEADS
You may be thinking that people are exaggerating when they compare Factorio to hard drugs. I will admit, it is not the game for everyone. For the people who do get immersed into the game, it very much is a hard drug. The demo and tutorial are not the best part of the game by far, but still try it out, it's free. If you got even the slightest amount of enjoyment from the demo, you will love Factorio. It is very much worth the money.  When you play the game for a while and realize that the game is for you, you will want the Space Age DLC. It multiplies the content in the game by a large amount, it is very much worth the money. Just be sure to not have any plans for the rest of the day/day after whenever you play the game.  Don't wait for a sale, they have a policy of never doing one. They believe in the value of their game and don't want to scam their players by providing it for cheaper later, so it is always the cheapest it will ever be for the future. Do not wait on it. It is very much worth every penny.  The factory must grow.
If you want to know how a drug addict feels, play this game. There is a reason why people call this game cracktorio. I must go now, the green circuits are optimized only at 98.88% The factory must grow
Good game. First rocket at 42 hours on my third world. Time for Space age
Teaches you software engineering and what it's like to be an addict at the same time, but comes with the risk of actually learning software engineering.
This game is like crack, I can't get enough of it
This is the best and most addictive game, to DATE.
the opening screen blew me away
i solved all the problems i had (my wife)
game more addicting than heroin
THE FACTORY MUST EXPAND
[b]THE FACTORY MUST GROW[/b] [b]THE FACTORY MUST GROW[/b] [b]THE FACTORY MUST GROW[/b] [b]THE FACTORY MUST GROW[/b] [b]THE FACTORY MUST GROW[/b] [b]THE FACTORY MUST GROW[/b] [b]THE FACTORY MUST GROW[/b] [b]THE FACTORY MUST GROW[/b] [b]THE FACTORY MUST GROW[/b] [b]THE FACTORY MUST GROW[/b] [b]THE FACTORY MUST GROW[/b] [b]THE FACTORY MUST GROW[/b] [b]THE FACTORY MUST GROW[/b] [b]THE FACTORY MUST GROW[/b] [b]THE FACTORY MUST GROW[/b] [b]THE FACTORY MUST GROW[/b] [b]THE FACTORY MUST GROW[/b] [b]THE FACTORY MUST GROW[/b] [b]THE FACTORY MUST GROW[/b] [b]THE FACTORY MUST GROW[/b] [b]THE FACTORY MUST GROW[/b] [b]THE FACTORY MUST GROW[/b] [b]THE FACTORY MUST GROW[/b] [b]THE FACTORY MUST GROW[/b] [b]THE FACTORY MUST GROW[/b] [b]THE FACTORY MUST GROW[/b] [b]THE FACTORY MUST GROW[/b] [b]THE FACTORY MUST GROW[/b] 
the factory must grow
There was an episode of Star Trek: The Next Generation where they captured a borg. At one point, the crew designed a recursive/fractal algorithm that would consume all of the borg collective's attention and resources. That was Factorio. This game has you make puzzles for your self, solve them, then make more puzzles for your self, solve _those_, and then start on the next puzzles you created. It's endless.
I played a lot of the original Sim City as a kid. Factorio brought me back to that in the best possible way. I logged 100 hours in this game faster than in any game ever. Most fun I've had in a game in eons. Legitimate contender for my favorite game of all time.
Satisfactory besser!!! Satisfactory better!!!
Literally my favorite game.
dont be fooled, factorio is not a game, but a time machine. you will pick up the game and put it down hours later in what feels like 10 minutes.
I see why it's considered the G.O.A.T. It's a great game. The QoLs out of this world.
10/10 worth the money
tried to quit, didnt.
Can't pin recipies.  Can't pin where pop-up windows appear (such as inventory).  I expected simple things like this would be in one of the best and original automation games. Frustrating enough to turn me off.
10/10
lot to take in, but very fun.
The factory must grow.
Sleep is the Bottleneck.
how make the machines work... its fun tho
its addictive
BUY IT i must get back to the factory
After 260 hours I finally launched a rocket
10/10
I love building factory then getting mad when factory not productive enough so I destroy factory just to make factory again
* Addictive * Fun to play * Rewarding progression * Addictive * Beautiful art * Well balanced (Challenging and fair) * Excellent sound effects and music * Did I already mention addictive?
You say this is only temporary and you actually believe that, but it will stay until it fails horribly. Then you will spend an hour reworking the entire system
Best game ever made. 10/10.
Game for real geeks. Love it!
won't get cheaper, but it doesn't has to, you get a ton of playtime out of the 32 bucks. also there's mods to make it harder or easier and add new stuff.
I haven't finished it, honestly im too stupid. but it's pretty good 
Well.. I spent many years ignoring this game on Steam. I feel like a stupid ****..   Factorio is GREAT! I really enjoy this game. It's a little rough at first and the tutorial isn't really helpful but, Once you start messing around with things it comes together. The hours just fly by in this game, Don't let the top down camera or the art style put you off. Don't be me & miss out on this game for years!   $35 seems steep, Even now after playing the game.. There is a ton to research & the map is Procedurally generated. So, I can see the value. The more I play it the more I like it! I can also see this game being great fun with friends. As of right now, I'm playing the game single player with music playing on my 2nd monitor. Try the demo, If you like the idea of what the demo offers, BUY THE GAME. I can easily recommend this gem.. Thanks Steam.
I have a powerful addiction to cement
fun game
If "Schedule I" is a video game, then Factorio is an actual Schedule I drug that was somehow exempted from the DEA list. Whatever you do, avoid this game at all costs, or it will change your life forever and will ruin your family.  If you have a light job, no kids, and an annoying wife, definitely play this though. It'll be a ton of fun and you'll never be bored again.
"this is the worst thing I have ever made" "I'll fix it later" "it's just the starter base" "good enough"  I love this game.
Collect, Plan, Build, Automate, Innovate, Repeat. It's a gameplay loop that will have you in a chokehold until 4am every night. Be prepared for your factory to replace any remnants of your social life. Solve problems as efficiently as you can while fending off the rad roaches. One of my top 5 games of all time. Factory... must.... grow.........
I despise my creation
"If crack was a game, it would be this one" — merv                                                                   "eat sleep factorio, eat sleep factorio.."       — some random player  "When I hear my microwave it reminds me of a steam turbine" — anonymous
Amazing.
BEST FACTORY GAME IN EXISTESNCE
Autism.
Factorio is a great demonstration of how a sandbox should operate. Minecraft is too easy as sure they get armor and enchanted weapons but its to slow at your curve. These biters well if you dont deal with them they will ♥♥♥♥ your ass up
played for a couple hours, was fun i guess
good game
This game is addictive. Maybe ensure you have time. And a diaper. And a bucket. And maybe some fresh water next to your desk.
no time to write a review the biters are destroying my base
Worse than crack cocaine.
I bought Space Age before I got divorced. I didn't have time to play so it laid in my Steam library. This game is like crack and I'm unsure if I ever had a wife. The factory must grow.  10/10 expansion and 10/10 base game. I would recommend playing Factorio and getting addicted before buying Space Age.
Cracktorio
Uhm yeah well loving the game.  Totally addicted.  Playing watching videos to better myself and even dreaming of automation, Be warned....... Time dissapears when playing!
I can stop when I want to
you will become a CS and engeneering major, RUN WHILE YOU CAN
This is by far the most polished and optimized game, with amazing Qol and the greatest community I have ever seen for any video game. Mod support is fully integrated and mod development encouraged. Some of the mods are true works of art. What I really love is that you never have to play anything in the "right way". You love enemies in the game? Make the game mostly about survival and fighting. I do not enjoy this aspect at all, so I am playing without enemies altogether. You want to play with 10 friends together for hours on end? no problem. You don't want that or don't have friends? Just play by yourself. Almost all of the thousands of hours I have played, are on my notebook. I travel a lot and if I have 20 minutes or 12 hours, I just play Factorio.  I am so very happy that I have found this game, it is and has been giving me incredible amounts of happiness and peace. Thank you to the developers!
its talking the me... the factory it want to grow... it NEED TO GROW!!!!!!! THE FACTORY MUSS GROWWWW!!!!!!!!!!!!
7/10
Good game, hope someone makes something similar in 3D
Extremely satisfying game to play, I put 10 hours in the demo alone. In the full version you have one straightforward goal: build a spaceship. The rest of the game just comes naturally while playing. You'll encounter new challenges and needs as you keep playing, you'll learn through experience what designs don't really work, what mistakes to avoid and how to better plan your factory ahead of time while you keep growing and improving your production.  It can easily hook you for hours while suppressing basic needs like sleeping and eating, but unlike most addicting games, the pull of this game doesn't come from a billion flashing lights and a neverending stream of things to unlock in a repetitive gameplay loop. Factorio keeps you hooked thanks to the satisfaction you gain by learning and improving your factory's efficiency. It feels more like a hobby than a videogame.
The factory calls to me. It must expand. I need more minerals. I NEED MOOOOOORE
What a game, kudos to devs
Just think of Age of empires but on steroids. The only problem is it is so addictive
I am dumb as a loaf of bread, even basic logical combinators bluescreen me, but this game is still amazing.
FUN!!!!!!
Awesome automations game! Its a steep learning curve with rewarding systems!
THE FACTORY MUST GROW!  FOR SCIENCE!   10 hours i know, rookie numbers
the factory must grow
Amazing game, well worth the money, efficiency is a learning curve though
The factory must grow
Jorkinit af
Just awesome
If you start playing Factorio you'll always have something to talk about with your friends. Its amazing. They might not listen but you'll have plenty to say. The fact that i only kinda got bored after 250 hours of a world is  quite a shock even to me. Anyway the factory must grow.
This game scratches that engineering itch. Very satisfying gameplay loop.
yes 23 hours in, will update later
pretty good, it made me think which was what i looked for and here i found it. the best thing is probably (space expansion) gleba was amazing to try, though the egg (to start processing) was really hard to get for some reason i don't know why but. i would love to get some tips on how to speed up the process!

I spent 15 hours optimizing my iron plate factory, all to realize that I didn't have the grid capacity to run the furnaces... the turrets shut down and I got bited by the biters. Still, very fun game! Makes you think.
The factory must grow...
Fantastic Game
I'll start by saying (now hear me out), it took me many years to kick addictions in the past - I've only recently gotten past my RimWorld hit, Diablo 2 is always lingering in my mind (but I'm getting there) and then there's DayZ and Mount&Blade; lets not talk about that indulgence actually...  Then only recently I slipped off the rails again and I'm falling into the hole that is Factorio.  I've never played a game that pushes the buttons in my brain as much as this one! At face level, it's a fairly straight forward game to pick up and begin playing but then as your mind gets into the swing of things you realise "there must be an easier way of doing this", or "surely I could automate this task"... before you know it 2 hours has passed, your belts, railways, mining setups, power stations are all fine tuned to pump out the materials, parts or tech needed to get the next project up to speed.   Then the following two hours is piecing together the following step... By this stage you might have decided it's best to redesign parts of the first step for even greater efficiency, then "what if starting the whole area makes everything run smoother and progress more quickly", etc. etc. - you get it!  Then you realise it's 3am and you have work in a few hours.  100% recommend for removing the static in the mind and focussing on some brain tasks for a few hours!
9.6/10  
Addicting is the best way to describe Factorio. Be warned, both the complicated and the complex await players who dare to purchase. Frustrations of unimaginable magnitude at every stage of progression! Just might make you quit! But for those with the patience to learn, to master, and grow, endless amounts of fun await. grow, Grow, GROW! more, More, MORE! Ah shet I didn't do that right! Wait, that won't work...what if I try this? Another planet? Another supply chain to optimize? ha! BRING IT ON!  (yes, this over satisfactory. there. I said it)  
This is just addicting
Greedy devs never goes on sale
There is a lot to say about Factorio, but I will keep it short since so much has already been said. It is an incredibly well designed sandbox with rewarding goals that keep you moving forward, thinking outside the box and constantly optimizing and calculating outputs. It is more than just a game, it clearly shows how factories really work and that building more machines does not always mean your output will magically multiply.
anger bug, kill bug, no more bug, happy bug, happy planet, happy player
Below me is my honest review (as data points) so you can get the most information about this game with viewing the littlest information as possible.  _________ FYI: ☑ = yes ☐ = no _________  ---{ Review Time }--- % Completed: 10% - 31% Time: 260+ hrs  --{ Did I watch any youtubers play this game, prior to playing it? }--- ☑ yes ☐ no ☐ personally... i didn't even know this game existed before and saw this in a bundle.  ---{ Game Type }--- ☑ Factory ☑ Idle ☐ RPG ☐ MMORPG ☐ Roguelite ☐ Clicker ☐ Text-Based (aka Novel-like) ☐ iS tHiS eVeN a GaMe?! ☐ Other: __________  ---{ Graphics }--- ☐ You forget what reality is ☑ Beautiful ☐ Good ☐ Decent ☐ Bad ☐ Don‘t look too long at it ☐ MS-DOS  ---{ Gameplay }--- ☐ Very good ☑ Good ☐ It's just gameplay ☐ Mehh ☐ Watch paint dry instead ☐ Just don't  ---{ Playtype }--- ☐ Singleplayer ONLY ☑ Singleplayer: optional ☐ Multiplayer ONLY ☑ Multiplayer: optional  ---{ Audio }--- ☑ Eargasm ☐ Very good ☐ Good ☐ Not too bad ☐ Bad ☐ I'm now deaf  ---{ Audience }--- ☐ Kids ☑ Teens ☑ Adults ☐ Grandma  ---{ PC Requirements }--- ☐ Check if you can run paint ☐ Potato ☐ Decent ☑ Fast ☐ Rich boi ☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer  ---{ Game Size }--- ☐ Floppy Disk ☐ Old Fashioned ☐ Workable ☐ Big ☑ Will eat 15% of your 1TB hard drive ☐ You will want an entire hard drive to hold it ☐ You will need to invest in a black hole to hold all the data  ---{ Difficulty }--- ☐ Just press 'W' ☐ Easy ☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master ☑ Significant brain usage ☐ Difficult ☐ Dark Souls  ---{ Grind }--- ☐ Nothing to grind ☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks ☐ Isn't necessary to progress ☐ Average grind level ☐ Too much grind ☐ You'll need a second life for grinding ☑ The grind is life, and life is grind... now i must grind more. ☑ Other: this is voluntary grind. you want to do this.  ---{ Story }--- ☐ No Story ☑ Some lore ☐ Average ☐ Good ☐ Lovely ☐ It'll replace your life  ---{ Game Time }--- ☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee ☐ Short ☐ Average ☐ Long ☑ To infinity and beyond  ---{ Price }--- ☐ It's free! ☐ Practically free... tbh ☑ Worth the price ☐ If it's on sale ☐ If u have some spare money left ☐ Not recommended ☐ You could also just burn your money  ---{ Bugs }--- ☐ Never heard of ☑ Minor bugs ☐ Can get annoying ☐ ARK: Survival Evolved ☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs ☑ Other: Most bugs will happen from the mods that you will inevitably downloading  ---{ ? / 10 }--- ☐ 0 ☐ 1 ☐ 2 ☐ 3 ☐ 4 ☐ 5 ☐ 6 ☐ 7 ☐ 8 ☐ 9 ☑ 10  ---{ Would I purchase this game AGAIN? }--- ☑ yes ☐ ... maybe... I'm not too sure ☐ no  --{ Thoughts }--- earnestly. I played this game before i ever bought it. it was so good that i bought both the main game and the DLC (which is the main game... lol) at full price (that or about). I love this game, and honestly i would love to go back in time just to re-experience this game for the first time again.  you will spend too much time on this game. you will dream about this game. you will literally be writing down information on a notebook just because you want to ensure everything is fully saturated. you will get withdrawal symptoms if you don't play this game everyday. ESSPECIALLY if you are neurodivergent.
THE FACTORY MUST GROW
Genuine hell
the factory wispers to me its talkes to me its says that it must grow
Great way to spend time. Makes you think.
this game simulates autism very well
You’ve finally set up a fully automated production line? Time to rebuild — it’s not efficient enough. You optimized everything and made it run perfectly? Monsters break it all, so you rebuild again and add defenses. Gained a bit more experience in the game? Back to rebuilding the factory, because now it looks terrible. And this loop never ends — in the best possible way.  This game constantly challenges you to rethink, improve, and adapt. It’s incredibly addictive, deeply satisfying, and endlessly rewarding. An amazing game — highly recommended!
the factory must grow
.
The Factory must grow....  10/10 game now spent 150 hours in one save (I don't even have the DLC)
great game, One of the best game mechanics  i every played.
good game :))
good
This is the factory-automation game all other such games are compared to for a reason. System builds on top of system to create a layered problem you can solve one piece at a time.   Also, I like trains.
It's complex, it's addicting and you will spend a lot of time ensuring that the Factory grows.
THEFACTORYMUSTGROWTHEFACTORYMUSTGROWTHEFACTORYMUSTGROW
conveyor belts
I sureeeelllyyy wont get addicted... right...?
Its the greatest factory building game ever made
amazing
yeah the reviews are true this game is peak
The factory must grow
the factory beckoned to me. i ingored it. it beckoned again. i ignored it. it beckoned again. i answered.  overall, very good game.
dope
Cracktorio
got this game thanks to a friend. I dont really know what I´m doing when I play, but it looks very addictive. I´m the kind of player who joins a friend just to “help” by building inefficient creations that somehow make everything chaotic.
remaining and expanding
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
got a mod and gambled my entire factory and a bug now is asking me for the rest i owe him
Few games truly earn the “Perfect” badge. Factorio is one of them for me. Perfect pacing, perfect progression, perfect gameplay. If you’re looking for an excellent way to fry your brain, I can’t recommend it enough.
Exactly as addictive as everyone says it is
Extremely fun and engaging game, where you continue to expand the factory and optimize processes until (or even after) you go to space. While I initially figured the graphics didn't look too impressive, upon playing I could see that the developers did put great attention to detail into the game, and the interface has excellent quality of life features that reduce unnecessary toil commonly in other games with mechanics like this.  Really an excellent game :)
this game is crack cocaine
Gleba
Yes... Just Yes!
amphetamines help
This game is just peak in what it offers, and it executes its perfectly.
This game will make you work harder then the kid who made the keyboard I'm typing this keyboard, this is not a statment about the games difficulty, but the orpahns work ethic. The game is a breeze, not because it is easy, it is not, its a breeze because of the fun that speedrunning global warming is.
Truly Magnificent Game!!! I cant say its better than Other Factory Games. But Surely one of my Top 2! Truly Magnanimous Game!
space racism
love this :dDD
♥♥♥♥ my stupid ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ chungus life.
Factorio is a highly addicting game. The game loop goes something like: -Spawn -Grind resources -Build factory -Rebuild factory to make it more efficient -Do the same once more -Kill bug -Kill everything -Realise 50 hours have gone by
Very good game about organization and development
This is game is super fun
very fun, engaging, effervescent even.
I love this game but all my friends hate playing it with me because I'm a maniac
STEEL STEEL I NEED MORE STEEEEEELLLLLLLLLL
Great factory game! The Space Age DLC brings a whole new experience to it. It's insane to see what great creations the community comes up with. Well worth it!
Great factory and automation game 9/10.
It's like if I only got to do the fun, interesting parts of my job where I have to design solutions. 14/10
There is no other game that provides the scratch to my brain's itch. I am in awe in terms of what I am capable of. I am elated with my progress. I am equipped and worthy of the challenges that face me. This is what this game has taught me.
мясо
Super fun
Factorio is my FAVORITE game. This may not come as a surprise, as I am an engineer, but Factorio allows a great base building experience full of automation and resource management with great defense mechanics all in one. The modding community is also one of the best, so if the vanilla game gets old, try rampant or crank up the difficulty with a death world seed with no trees. This game is so versatile to fit a entry level Factorio player, or allow a master's level player to be creative with complex mods. If you like automation and base building games, look no further, Factorio has it all.
Be carefull, will cause addiction.
Endless zen for the pathologically productive type (e.g. engineers like myself)
hidden autism test
more addictive than fent
g
Sleep not necessary. Only build.
(chineese voice) what the ♥♥♥ kind of curcit is this (higher piched chineese voice) i dont fuakling know
Just beat game for the first time, felt like 20 minutes
help
Very in depth game, love the automation it allows as well as the managing. odd bug happened tho me and my friend tried getting around a server latency issue. not sure if it's steam or the vpn we're using but we can no longer join each others sessions.
The factory must grow  The factory must grow  The factory must grow  The factory must grow  The factory must grow    we are out of green circuits  The factory must grow  The factory must grow  The factory must grow  The factory must grow  The factory must grow  The factory must grow  The factory must grow  The factory must grow  The factory must grow  The factory must grow  The factory must grow  The factory must grow  The factory must grow  The factory must grow  The factory must grow  The factory must grow  The factory must grow
the factory must grow, but its a really good game, get the dlc too
YES
Mom, can we have factorio? No, we have factorio at home. Factorio at home: FENTANYL
At first, after buying Factorio, it will seem to you that your factory is terrible and could be optimized. After a week, you’ll realize that your life is terrible and you’ll want to optimize your life. After a month, you’ll realize that the system of government is terrible and you’ll want to optimize it. After a year, you will STAGE A WORLDWIDE TECHNOCRATIC REVOLUTION. AFTER 5 YEARS YOU’LL REALIZE THAT THE ENTIRE UNIVERSE NEEDS OPTIMIZATION!
yes
fdtrd
Best automation/sandbox I’ve ever played by a longshot, one of the devs is a bit of a creep so I suggest using another platform to acquire this game (wink wink) but this is one of my favourite games if not my favourite game of all time
This game is just something else, My number 1 game ever.
one of the game of all time
Factorio is the quintessential automation game. The challenges of design, scale, and logistics shine through in the problem solving this game requires. It can be a little overwhelming at first to get oriented, but few games make me feel like I'm learning something deeper the way this one does.
got the game 5 days ago, pretty good
look at my hours LOOK AT THEM
i liked it
I like it
THE FACTORY MUST EXPAND
this game is not recommended to people who are already struggling with time management
gamer fentanyl
i just got this game and I can already tell I'm never going to need to touch grass ever again
yes
10/10 can quit whenever I want to!!!!
hummm its factorio, stop reading this and buy it immediately.
yeah it's okay i guess. ive only played for a few hours
too fun
Highly recommend. People look at this as just another 2d game, but it is so much more. If you want to waste hours of your life and think about a game while you are doing anything else, this is the game for you.
If you enjoy logistics and strategy this is the game for you. The challenge is constant: every time you solve one problem, you create three new ones. It is truly infinite.
fun maybe too fun   also 32euro is steep
I love it, it's the best game I've played in my life, and I love it.
good game, cured my autism
just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ great
this game is like life: you build your future and it gets destroyed in 2 minutes by those damn little bastards. 9/10 would reccomend
it. eats. time.
crack
I am about 150 hours into Factorio and I absolutely love it. I am not normally someone that does reviews unless I find the game absolutely amazing and feel the need too, hence the review. Factorio is great for everyone but as a computer nerd and coder I find this game very stimulating and keeps me going. It never gets old. You can play it over and over and have fun each and every time. You can also practice different setups in sandbox or try your hand against different scenarios. I am now buying the Space Age DLC and will continue my adventure! Sorry, not adventure.... Factorio is a way of life now. haha
fun
I could spend hours thinking of things to say about the gameplay of Factorio, but it's been done enough to where you should pretty much know by this point if you're going to enjoy the style of game.  What I will talk about is the execution, and to me it's embodied by this phrase, "of course it does".  Does the game have native linux support? Of course it does.  I want to replace my machine with an upgraded version, does it keep all the items and settings? Of course it does.  I want to replace this belt with an underground one, does it automatically delete the old one and give the items back? Of course it does.  Everything in this game just works exactly how you'd hope it does. It feels incredibly smooth and refined, with every single thing accounted for and handled flawlessly.  I want to turn this belt round a corner while dragging, does the game support that? Of course it does.  These tips might be a little hard to find naturally, is there an easy to access list of tips and hotkeys? Of course there is.  The feeling of using truly great software is that every common problem, every common "is there a way to do that?", every common "it would be nice if there was...", there is already a solution. I think jetbrains IDEs are another case of this, where every utility you could possibly want has already been implemented. In an age of rushed, "good enough" software, stuff like this feels euphoric.
yes
I enjoy this game, mostly because I enjoy suffering, apparently. This game is actually quite fun if you enjoy math and waiting and suffering. I love this game. Come suffer with me, friend.
destroyed the environment
addicting beyond belief even with just the base game only
its a nice and fun game
I'm not usually into heavy optimisation or logic based games, I much prefer sandbox/creative games like Minecraft and the Sims, but Factorio manages to be super addictive
The factory must grow, and the biters must be destroyed!
Put the game on sale and I'll change my review.
Help me I can't stop.
53 hours in 3 days
Yeah
literally cost an arm and a leg  still worth
The global achievements prove the game is worth playing. If you've ever looked percentages of achievements it's always surprising how how few people barely get into a game. Over half of all players have built a locomotive and thats a decent way into the game. 24% of people have beaten the game and launched the rocket. I'm 140 hours in and still haven't launched one. (I'm doing a thorough play through). You don't stumble your way into launching a rocket, you really have to be commited. If that many people stick around for something so time consuming and complicated you know the game play loop is awesome.
good
Awesome game!  I always come back to it.
top tier game way better than satisfactory
You know, I've never done hard drugs, however, I imagine they're relatively unaddicting compared to this game. This is one where you'll say, "I'm going to play for an hour," then the next thing you know it's 4 AM because the factory. must. simply. grow.
It's pretty good
Good game, but too hard for me.
its fun
РЕАЛЬНО НАЙС
grow the gear
Digital drugs
Extremely addicting and fun. It's so well thought out and deep, and it's so satisfying to play that it can feel like a timewarp where you aim to build something and suddenly 2 hours have passed. The DLC is a 10/10 and is basically factorio 2, so would 100% recommend getting it, well worth the price.
It appears I am in dire need of green circuits... again...
the factory must grow :3
well, incredible to be honest... fantastic game.
This game is addicting in all the best ways.
Must. Keep. Optimizing...
good good
do not touch the powerline
nice game
best 100 hours of my life (except for the part where i dont have artillery)
pollution
gud
завод вод что лучше играть
The factory must grow!
sseth wasnt lying, ritalin really helps
My brain is not big enough for this game but I can tell something is here
Dont buy this game it has ruined my social life
la fábrica debe crecer
fun
 The factory must expand no matter the cost. Your worried about the natives on the planet? Your blue circuits are running low, expand the factory.
They should give this to engineering students to bring some minuscule amount of happiness to their godforsaken lives.
its ok, probably need more hours to confirm
a
Do not buy... Unless you want hours of your life sucked away, a 5 min swap of a power station turns into a 4hour total rebuild of your base. Highly recommend.
im a factory im
This game is crack. Be warned.   It is, however, an extremely satisfying form of crack.
Embrace the tism and lose entire days like a UFO abduction victim
the factory must grow
The factory will consume all.
missed work this whole month and haven't slept for 23 days 19 hours 9 minutes and 52 seconds. hallucinations of inserters and belts. wife divorced me after getting mad at rail signals. 15/10. Great game.
What do you mean its 5am?? I only started playing a few hours ago. . . oh no, not again...
this game simulates autism very well
This is not to hate on Factorio, nor Factorio-like games. This is an indictment of my own tastes. In many sandbox construction games, there is something its players called 'lawnbases'. A 'lawnbase' is a base where production structures are slapped down haphazardly around the base, often literally on the lawn, in order to quickly advance to the next technology level.  Factorio is THE LAWNBASE GAME. There's nothing you can build to suggest a place you can lay down your head and rest. There isn't any thought given to human interaction with the production processes, and you don't see a thing to suggest you even exist, like elevated walkways. Rather than being a place you live, the factory is simply a leviathan that you feed to get bigger and bigger. The factory may ensure your survival, but you seem to have to serve it more than it serves you.  This brings a huge sense of disempowerment, where you are pretty much nothing without the factory, and the factory will exist a long time before entropy even acknowledges you are gone. I suppose that is why games like this have a cult following, because you must worship your monstrous creation to win.  Ah sh*t, I think I radicalized myself by accident...THE FACTORY MUST EXPAND. (Run away, save yourself!)
good
If you like this game you may need to see a therapist.
good 
took over ten hours for the tutorial, 15 hours or so into freeplay and this may be one of the best games ive ever played
Automation at its finest, 1k Science is the true test
Great game
I miss sleep
HIGHLY ADDICTIVE
game like aids
i love this game and ill always love it. definitely worth the 30 euros. anxious for trying the new dlc. not sure if u are in to automation games? give factorio a chance and factorio will give u love.
spaghetti
yeah, it's alright
good
I play this till my wrist hurts.
It hurts
Cheaper and healthier Meth substitute
19 hours at time of review. watch that number tick up. watch me automate my cracktorio addiction.
The factory must grow. Even if it consumes you, the factory must grow.
If this is your sort of thing, you'll really love this. Flawless execution with countless imitators. The space age expansion is worth it, and feels like a natural extension of the base game, not at all like an add-on.
mmmm build mmm optimize mmm REPEAT
This is an absolute engineering obsession!
got an itch to this game (♥♥♥♥ bugs bro they ruin everything)
Bro.. holy moly
this game is absolute FIRE!!!! if you're willing to deal with the biters
Open the game, try to balance green & red circuits ratio with copper wire to copper plates. Next moment, the sun has risen and you still haven’t fixed it.
This game is very addicting and fun. Always something to do and improve on.
peak male content
addicted
Very very good game, you can do whatever you want in this game engine disguised as just a game. Expansion on top of it is just wow... great devs keep it up!
++++
Factory Crack
Just played a few hours, till 4 am, like a normal person
build your factory and protect it from large shrimp
Factorio must be one of the most addictive games in existance. The game is paced in such a way that after a while of playing you can always think of something you want to do and you can sink dozens of hours because of this. If you enjoy that feeling when your hard work comes to life, when you look at your world and think "damn, did I really build all of this" then this game is for you.
good game, much factory
Love this game, good interface once you get used to it, very open for you to play as you like, and so many possible features to learn to use!
I put 24 hours into this game 36 hours after starting. Take that as a warning.
the factory must grow
evil game
Beware: Once you play this game, your entire Steam library will disappear (a figure of speech). No other games will interest you for quite a while.  Once you install mods....you won't see the outside world for quite a while.  I've played almost 100 hours these 2 weeks alone....and I work 10 hours per day.  10.5/10 game
this game is awesome and will consume your life
peak, bitersK
you can easily lose hours in this game. IT's great at getting you into deep thought but at the same time you can have a laugh with friends fighting off aliens etc.
This game is good apart from the addiction it gives you thats stronger than fent. If you are a crack head and ruined ur life I would play this game just to make sure you never beat ur fent addiction. This game pulls you in for days untill you collapse becuse you didnt eat anything.
Perfect time management skills are required in order to maintain a loose thread to reality. Consider yourself sufficiently warned.
The factory must grow.
:)
Love this game! its the greatest game i´ve ever played and the worst at the same time in the last two weeks i have played over 140h and i still havent lost interest in the game thats just crazy 10/10 would recommend(if you dont have a job or u go to university) this game has the might to ruin your life --> be careful
Wube, Give me back my 2000 hours!
"Let me just expand my powergrid a little and set up a couple of smelting outposts..."  A couple of minutes later. "What do you mean it's time to go to work, I just got home?!" This game goes on my top 5 games ever played and I haven't even finished it yet. Love it, buy it, this is pure crack.
I don't know what the point of this game is and yet, I can't stop playing!!  If you aren't sure you want to spend the money, try the demo.  There is so much more to this game than you realize.  I'm 70+ hours into this and I feel like I have barely scratched the surface, and this is without the DLC and haven't even looked at mods yet.  Only disappointment is that I only learned about this game recently.
Don't play this game unless you want to stay up all night figuring out why your iron setup isn't efficient enough.
not  bad kinda boring
Cool game
The Devs are selling digital crack and they know it
Cool game :)
It's the perfect automation game, basically
I went into Factorio with high expectations. I've played Dyson Sphere Program and Satisfactory extensively and really enjoyed both, so  I wanted to see if Factorio lived up to it's reputation as the ultimate factory game.  Unfortunately, it didn't. I also don't like that the Space Age DLC is sold at full price, costs as much as the base game, and never goes on discount, which makes it hard to justify trying to like the game further.
great game!
The true definition of starting from zero—cutting down trees and mining by hand, all the way to mining drills and nuclear fuel!  Pros:  You don’t feel the passage of time It’s relaxing You’re forced to care about efficiency  Cons: Do you really expect me to write something bad about this game? 
Factory must grow, all else does not matter.....
This game is one of the best I’ve ever played in my life—literally a masterpiece. A small warning though: it will consume your time in an unreal way. That’s honestly its only downside. 
This is one of the best games ever created.
FACTORIO.  AMAZING
Amazing game, wish there was another game like it to drop another 1000 hours into.
It.. must...GROW!!!
do you guys know how to stop an addiction im not joking
this game scratched an itch i never thought could be possible
Good Game.
this is the greatest game ever made
Building your first green science factory is like a homeless man getting their first taste of crack
T H E  F A C T O R Y  M U S T  G R O W
this game is an addiction and i'm all here for it
epstein approves
Good game, however i have the attentionspan of a nit and got bored
very coo lgame
Very fun game!
man...
Fun
Extremely good game- can't stress this enough. Easy to learn, good tutorial, nothing much else to say but GO and buy it.  THE FACTORY MUST GROW
Still fresh to game and I found mods. I wonder what this Space Exploration one is  76 hours later: *Crying while enjoying myself*
more belts
THE FACTORY MUST GROW,
Time consuming👍👍👍
cool
:)
It's THE automation game in my opinion.  Do you want more of it? Get the DLC or one of the many mods. You can build as complex as you wish, from monstrosities only you understand or those you copy from others on the internet.  You can turn on or off the biters if you wish there to be a combat (and base defense) component.  I have not seen this game on sale, and it's still worth the full price. Not many games are that nowadays (again, in my opinion).
It's pretty good, I guess.
CONTAINS MINING HUMOR. VERY FUNNY.
great game
Do not buy, if you like thinkering and optimalization. You will be not able to stop playing…
going to have to give the game a thumbs down as it never goes on sale. I wanted to get the expansion while it was on sale.....but factorio rarely goes on sale which  is a choice by the devs. greedy greedy.
ㅤㅤㅤ╔══►ㅤTHE FACTORY MUST GROWㅤ══╗ ㅤㅤㅤ║ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ ║ ㅤㅤㅤ║ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ ▼ INCREASE PRODUCTION  ◄═══ㅤEXPAND THE FACTORY
This game is engaging and fun. I don't have much experience with it but there almost seems as if there is always some new technology to be researched. Always trying to optimize by researching new tech and organizing machines to be more efficent. The enemies don't attack too much but give insentive to defend your work.
hard but good
a little bit addictive, but not too much. I still managed to sleep sometime
Nothing beats the dopamine hit when you connect your machines to the grid so they make more machines that make machines.
THE FACTORY MUST GROW!!!!!  Overall cool factory building game with lots of depth and potential to optimize the factory. (haven't played the DLC yet tho)
Pretty good
Awesome !!!
trains
First up, I always play this with a friend. Maybe someday I'll play alone, maybe not.  This game is just satisfactory (heh) with the way they allow you connect everything together and design and blueprint and ahhhhhhh this is just factory minecraft to the max man. If you love playing super complicated Minecraft tech modpacks for their interconnectivity with themselves, get this game.
Let me just play a little game for a few minutes...  *several eons later"  WHAT YEAR IS IT!?!
cracktorio
better than satisfactory
Terrible Electrostatic Crack that keeps calling
The factory must grow
I've had this game for 10 years.
Best one ever, even better for developers
Factorio is a industralism simulation where you kill bugs, it is THE factory game of all factory games, and if you get bored with the game, people make mods that turn the game into entirely new games, its basicly infinite gameplay, not to mention only half of the playerbase have any achivements because they all play with mods on which disables achivements
Autism in it's full power is required to play this game in an optimal way.
3.8 g
Factory must grow!
I mean.... it's pretty good if I am being honest.
The quintessential 2d factory game, made even better with the Space Age expansion.
The factory must grow
The factory must grow.
10/10, confusing, hard, stressful, what's not to love
this is a great game.
addicting for some reason 
I need to stop. Send help. 314 hours in last 2 weeks.  As per tradition... Factory must grow!
Lovely combination of planning and building circuits of stuff!
I've never played a game with the pulling power of this game, there is always something to do.
If I was banished to a deserted island and could only take 3 videogames, I would probably take Factorio and call it good.
Well, its a legendary game. Sadly, we are not getting 2nd DLC any soon.
Endless planning, calculating, and fighting to scale up. What else would you need to relax? :D
Good
i am NOT autistic, i do NOT love automation  this game is genuinely crack, WE have sacrificed sleep, food, drink, and going to the toilet just to finish our blueprints. if you play you will most likely reach a state where you will sacrifice basic human needs just for your factory. you feel rewarded not by the game explicitly telling you "congrats you did it", but with the efficiency of the factory you create  this game is genuinely great but since this game doesn't go on sale and the price has doubled from £15 to £30 you NEED to be sure
fun
Is good
Great game!
this game is addicting i love how I can make everything I want and is very relacing to see everything go to the place it needs
This game is a never ending optimization problem with endless  ways to improve.
it's a solid game. why the f you don't play it!?
Just well optimized fun game, with so many different takes through mods, and core design is solid. For me took a couple of tries to get into, but when you're in, and get some idea of the different recipes, its just so so rewarding to make an efficient design.
Still the best game for pure manufacturing management and design around.
Deserves Every Penny - One of the Best Games In the World
【﻿ＴＨＥ　ＦＡＣＴＯＲＹ　ＭＵＳＴ　ＧＲＯＷ】
to coplx
Very good game
problem solving skills for complexity is great - keeps you thinking even away from the game...
mmm... factory
I got this game 2 days ago. I already have 7 hours. 5 of those hours are from today. I did not go outside today, I spent the entire day with my friend growing the factory. I dream of factorio, i think of factorio, I am factorio, Its 12:48 am and I am thinking about how to make purple science. Once you play this game YOU CANNOT COME BACK. THE FACTORY MUST GROW   ---{ Graphics }--- ☐ You forget what reality is ☑ Beautiful ☐ Good ☐ Decent ☐ Bad ☐ Don‘t look too long at it ☐ MS-DOS  ---{ Gameplay }--- ☑ Very good ☐ Good ☐ It's just gameplay ☐ Mehh ☐ Watch paint dry instead ☐ Just don't  ---{ Audio }--- ☐ Eargasm ☑ Very good ☐ Good ☐ Not too bad ☐ Bad ☐ I'm now deaf  ---{ Audience }--- ☐ Kids ☑ Teens ☑ Adults ☐ Grandma  ---{ PC Requirements }--- ☐ Check if you can run paint ☐ Potato ☑ Decent ☐ Fast ☐ Rich boi ☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer  ---{ Game Size }--- ☐ Floppy Disk ☐ Old Fashioned ☑ Workable ☐ Big ☐ Will eat 15% of your 1TB hard drive ☐ You will want an entire hard drive to hold it ☐ You will need to invest in a black hole to hold all the data  ---{ Difficulty }--- ☐ Just press 'W' ☐ Easy ☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master ☑ Significant brain usage ☐ Difficult ☐ Dark Souls  ---{ Grind }--- ☐ Nothing to grind ☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks ☐ Isn't necessary to progress ☐ Average grind level ☐ Too much grind ☑ You'll need a second life for grinding  ---{ Story }--- ☐ No Story ☑ Some lore ☐ Average ☐ Good ☐ Lovely ☐ It'll replace your life  ---{ Game Time }--- ☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee ☐ Short ☐ Average ☑ Long ☐ To infinity and beyond  ---{ Price }--- ☐ It's free! ☑ Worth the price ☐ If it's on sale ☐ If u have some spare money left ☐ Not recommended ☐ You could also just burn your money  ---{ Bugs }--- ☐ Never heard of ☑ Minor bugs ☐ Can get annoying ☐ ARK: Survival Evolved ☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs  ---{ ? / 10 }--- ☐ 1 ☐ 2 ☐ 3 ☐ 4 ☐ 5 ☐ 6 ☐ 7 ☐ 8 ☐ 9 ☑ 10  ---{ Author }--- ☑ https://vojtastruhar.github.io/steam-review-template
it's aight
I beat factorio, the satisfaction is real. Great game.
[h3]Good things about Factorio[/h3] - Every aspect of the factory can be expended. - You can [strike]shoot[/strike] greet the local [strike]insects[/strike] environmentalists and ensure they [strike]don’t interfere with “factory must grow”[/strike] are satisfied with factory pollution levels. - Factorio’s blueprints enable easy design organization and can be shared. - This game has endless depth.  - With the Space Age DLC, you can explore 5 more factory environments.  [h3]Less good things about Factorio[/h3] - Too much Factorio can lead to sunlight allergy. - It takes a significant amount of time to learn the basics. [spoiler]For me ~120 hours[/spoiler]
I think I'm starting to get the hang of it
Gas
Playing this game might be worse than selling your soul to the devil
God
literally couldn't sleep. because I see belts and insterters when I close my eyes
Its Crack
it gud
confusing but fun 
cracktorio
It uses math and yeah
i like drugs 
The factory must grow
I really wanted to like this game but it honestly feels clunky and limiting. Coming from Satisfactory I thought oh this'll be awesome, I love the gameplay loop of finding resources, building automated lines, making stuff, and using it to make new stuff, but this is just tedious. It feels artificially limited by basic missing QOL features. A prime example is that resource unloaders do not and will never work on a right angle. You HAVE to set them up to pick up from the back and load from the front. This would make sense if the unloader wasn't a rotating arm...but instead you have to download a mod because the devs couldn't be bothered. The thing that finally killed it for me is electric smelters. They're so far down the resource tree that it's baffling.  You get electric mining almost immediately but have to run smelting off of coal for so long it's stupid. My third rebuild was going to become my 5th rebuild pretty quickly when i had to rip those lines out as soon as i unlocked electric smelting. It's a tedious mess and I'm out. If you are good with organizing around weird arbitrary constraints you'll love this game. If you value your time, don't bother.
A time machine, if this games clicks with you then it will consume you for hours on end.  10/10 Recommended!
i swear i didnt play this much
Very fun once you get into the swing of things and have automated the more important and basic resources. There's alot to build and design, and progressing through the levels is not insurmountably difficult, it just requires lots of planning and understanding the game mechanics. It is really fun to play with others as well!
great to while away an evening.
amazing game
If u like pollution buy this game 10/10
amazing game for people who like doing what they want
The factory must grow
Game is great, I'm just finishing up the tutorial :P
Its impossible to stop playing this scary thing
Whenever I start a new world, this game consumes all my free time for a week. I see my spaghetti conveyors even in my sleep. Must optimize. Factory must grow.
The factory must grow. If you're into automation games, then this is probably as good as it can get
On the scale of 1 to a ruined sleep schedule this games is an 11. Its also got trains and I like trains
This game is extremely overwhelming at first, and i admit i still dont understand much past getting my simple red research automated, but its a fantastic game all the same.
train
first game where i have put 30+ hours in and i still have no clue what im doing  amazing game very addicting  10/10
For new folks on fence - I was in the camp of ‘sheesh that’s a bit much for an indie game?’ for a few years but respected the devs knew their worth so didn’t cry about it.   There is a difference between not being able to afford it and the game not being worth it.   I put off getting it and bought about 60 indie games during 2025 let’s call it $15 a piece. That’s $900. I am only still playing vein (30hrs) and the last caretaker (15 or so)  of them all mostly, The rest got avg of maybe 10 hrs each if that.   I bought factorio few days ago after getting the itch playing mine mogul (good game btw) and have got about 12 hrs so far in a couple days.  The mechanics are deep, the problem solving very moreish and satisfying, and aesthetically pleasing watching stuff go round your belts.   I see at least another 15 hrs so paying the guy $1 an hour of entertainment it’s worth the price. That is modest also - look at the number of hours folks have in the reviews it’s nuts.
JOIN USssss...........
This game is amazing and some how IMMUNE to sales of any kind
the addiction is real. good game
love it!
Not enough of something? build more, now you have no power? build more. Just build more.
the factory must grow :3
This is like crack for engineers
With this game i have become a super engineer
I love making millions of molten iron a minuet that I don't need (On Nauvis)
the manual crafthing takes soooo long i dont get this game
Endless possibilities for fun.
I love this game alot i'm super addicted to automation games but this especially is something else!
its a game to explore and play with friends remember dont make others mad 
Best Automation game ever created!
Have you ever thought to yourself "I wish I could do every drug known to man at the same time?" Well then this is the game for you! Not only does it offer countless hours of lost sleep and suffering. But you also get to suffer unending pain and torment as you factory dies randomly because of some extremely unlikely situation that you thought you accounted for over 25 hours before! While also having your factory eaten by bugs and being in a power death spiral!!!!!!!!!!!  10/10 would recommend.   Genuinely one of the most well made games I have played. It is so well optimized, and does not require an expensive computer to run well until you get to the mega-base stage that would cause almost any computer to slow down. Definitely worth buying full price (basically your only option since it never goes on sale). And even after playing through the base game there are a ton of really good overhaul mods that make it basically a new game for free!
Great game!
Great game!
factory
My go to when I need to unwind my head, love that you can customise the world gen in so much detail, there's even an option to make mobs passive until attacked. so satisfying, like untangling a piece of string. love this game.
bug simulator
Who cares about pollution anyways?
Great factory, great construction. Almost never-ending puzzle.
its gud
Would be my favorite factory builder, if only we could make our trains go “choo choo”.
The most addicting game I have ever played. Proceed with caution.
Factory and world domination
really good game
the factory must grow
I am still in the tutorial, but it's really good already. I feel like I will be sinking many hours into it
The company I work for gave me this game as part of the their Leadership Training program, where we practice leading a team of colleagues in the game delivering tasks for the "client".   I'm loving the game, it's a very complex game (which I enjoy) and it allows you to play for hours on end. I've barely scratched the surface (still working on grey packs), and I'm so excited to see what the rest of the game looks like after our training is over.
I thought people were overreacting by saying this game is addicting, so I gave it a try. They were right.
THE FACTORY MUST GROW
factory must grow
Dont get this if you have addictive personality
Once in the Factory, Always in the Factory.    This game is endless.
good
I know my hours aren't as high as some of the legends in this game, but after finishing the Space Age DLC and Space Exploration mod, I hope that my humble opinion will convince you to buy this game.
fun game!  :)
Great game! Will continue playing!  If you love building, solving problems, and fighting aliens this is the game for you!
It's pretty good
Massive !!!
You fight off alien scum, decimating them and using their bodies as tributes to your godlike friends who are know by the ancient name of.... Organized Gamers!  Praise be the god friends, who provide us our arms to destroy the bugs!
3/10 It's too confusing for me, but I'm sure others find this fun
👍
Other than scratching the itch this game scratches, the graphics very much remind me of command and conquer, which is why I probably have as many hours in it as I do.
10/10 The factory must grow! There's not much that hasn't been said. As far as factory games go there aren't many that can rival Factorio, and none I'd argue that can top it. The levels of optimization the developers have achieved allow for quite frankly some absurdly large factories to exist on hardware that by today's standards are lackluster at best. Meaning almost anyone can boot into this game and have a, hehe, Satisfactory experience. An experience that has been refined to be fairly easily understandable, if a little overwhelming at times. Though that's a quirk of the genre in my opinion. Larger factories result in more choices, results in more time required to consider your options. This can become very overwhelming, but isn't necessarily the fault of Factorio, and is more so the fault of factory builder/optimization games. Overall, I love Factorio and would recommend it to those who love puzzles, design, and have a healthy helping of patience.
Yup, Easy yes, look at my hours.   Programmers tend to love this game.
eh its an alright game with robotic arms and cool sushi belts things. They even have steam power, coolz   Edit: I havent seen the sun or a human in months. The factory calls for utmost efficency.  The bus cries to be fully fed. Belts must flow. Ratios obeyed. Sleep is optional. The factory is not.
Flow state.
Belts.
La heroina es probablemente más saludable
I started this game with no prior experience for automation games. In February, I first saw this game as just a short span game that I would pick up for a few weeks and drop. I thought this was going to be a simple game. I thought this game was going to be a game to play with my cousins for a bit.  No. It was not.  I stand here with 700 hours and a infinite possibility for more. The cold, desolate ice of Aquilo. The heat, and oppressive lava of Vulcanus. The crackling and blinding lightning of Fulgora. The drenched, fertile wetlands of Gleba. None of these planetary bodies withstood the factory. A machine designed by me, and constructed by me. It is only a matter of time before motion becomes perpetual.   What can I learn from this clockwork of my own creation? I've spend almost a month in this game and potentially more. This served to be a mind jog, a thinking exercise, a time off from this dopamine saturated world we walk though. Only to walk into a possibly more saturating and addicting one.  I advice to get this game for a calming experience. When you are deep in the factory's hands, remember. It's time off from the world. A way to calm down, a way to unwind. It is your sandbox, with every artificial construct you place was made by you.  It is up to you to pick up your tools, Engineer.
i have not slept ever since i installed this game/srs
A game about factories. Automation... what more could you ask for? space? hmm.. space... that does sounds quite magnificent.. if only it would exist in a game about automation and factories... like that would ever happen, hahaha...
top tier autism simulator :3
Great factory automation game, with an easy to follow technology tree. Blue/Chemical science can be a little complicated, but really opens up the game. Space Age DLC adds LOADS of content, plus the modding scene is rather active, with plenty of ways to improve the game with Quality of Life mods or complete overhauls.  10/10 would recommend to those who enjoy math-related problem solving to grow the factory.
better then sex
Love this game.  It works the brain.
The factory must grow 
Addictive. The factory must growww!
Not bad
great game, very low cost per hour of gameplay
I love this game - my factory is too small though
Get the base game - absolute recommendation. If you get bored after 1000 hours, add mods. If you still want more, buying the DLC might be worth it. But the DLC is nowhere as good as the base game.  It says a lot that there is a mod to remove the whole space part of the DLC - that's the narrative core of the DLC. But it's just annoying for the gameplay.
Just going to say this... I was already gaming on ZX Spectrum 42 years ago... I have played so many systems I would not be able to name them. I have played all genres there is...  This game absolutely rocks. One of the best games I have ever played. Sure... a bit of a niche genre, but boy... this is as good as it gets.
🧶
Write a review? No time, the factory must grow.
Playtime: 1205 hours | 1205 hours at review | Multiple vanilla playthroughs + modded runs | Biters for challenge, peaceful for chill vibes | Train network obsessive | 100% solo (friends have lives, apparently)  When I started playing Factorio in 2016 until now almost 2026 the core gameplay loop remains as addictive as it was in the beginning. Space Age has taken some ideas and invented around them and it has given the game alot of depth particularly after launching rockets. The game remains an evergreen of good game design with a simple to learn but extremely hard to master as you are going to be constantly thinking about new bottle-necks to solve.   Pros: • Trains are god-tier: Building massive rail networks, tweaking schedules, watching 100+ trains zip resources flawlessly—pure joy. Cargo wagons as buffer storage? Genius hack. • Mods = infinite replay: Krastorio 2, Bob's/Angel's, helper packs like Squeak Through or LTN—vanilla feels fresh forever without breaking balance. • Flexible modes: Biters keep you paranoid and strategic; peaceful mode = relaxing factory zen. Toggle for any mood. • Optimization dopamine: Balancing ratios, circuits, power—every tweak feels like mind-training for real engineering. • Solo perfection: No MP needed—build at your pace, no chaos. (Friends? What friends?)  Cons: • Brutal learning curve: Early spaghetti factories die hard—tutorials help, but trial-and-error rules. Watch the many let's plays. • Late-game UPS lag: Giant bases crawl without tweaks (mods or headless help). • Ultimate time sink: 1205 hours? Blink and it's 3AM again.  Gameplay/Mechanics: Core loop: Gather > Automate > Expand > Defend/Relax > Launch. Belts to trains, smelters to nukes, bots for polish. Mods add wild twists; vanilla shines in pure ratio puzzles and rail empire-building. Biters force smart layouts; peaceful lets trains takeover. Who I'd Recommend To: Solo tinkerers, train sim fans, or anyone craving "just one more belt." Mod lovers especially—perfect for engineers at heart. Skip if micromanagement terrifies you. Value: $30 for a lifetime of play? Steal. 98% positive on Steam for a reason—best ROI ever. 10/10 
 awesomesauce
Factory
Nerdvana!
Don't like the money grubbing attitude. I bought the game years ago when it was cheap however.
its obcenely good, the only criticisim i have is that i get burnt out trying to get past yellow sience, i relize that might be a skill issue but i just cant do it 
The factory must grow
Addictive!
very good very good
good
Autism
Would but wouldnt recommend.. eats to much of my precious time :c
Fun
My factory needs me, 
beat the game
The factory must grow
This game, truly is crack.
great little game way too easy top lost too many hours to it though because i can just do that one more thing till 4 am
Fun ssvsvsfvf vd df cfv cv efv vvf fv
Amazing game, very addictive. Pretty hard to learn all the mechanics, but if you set custom map settings to make it easier, download some QOL mods and watch a couple of tutorials you should be good to go.
It tickles the 'tism.
this game has ruined my life. excellent game.
An amazing game. You could lose hundreds of hours to this game and still love it. Playing with others makes it even better. There's quite a bit of quality of life to be gained from Wiki's, but if you're not the type to keep a tab open while playing, it will still be a great experience. You start from nothing, and through many, many processes, you eventually work your way to launching a rocket into space and finishing the objective of the main game. There are many hurtles to overcome including enemies if you have them turned on (there is an option to play without enemies), management of your buildings and resources, automation set up and map exploration to name a few. If you have never played this game then what are you doing? Just buy it.
This is my favorite game of all time. The gradual progression is very satisfying and you feel like you've accomplished something at the end of the day.
Applied for a Senior Production Manager position at a company. They asked to see my Factorio saves. 10/10 worth every second I spent on my calculator trying to optimize my 6 to 7 balancer instead of actually playing the game (I will not use the book you can't make me).
this game is as if i had ADHD, i do have ADHD but this makes it worse now
Overhyped absolute garbage, 4-6 fps on premium rig, denied refund for no reason.
The factory must grow
I put a biter in a cage
i bought this game four days ago. yeah its ok i guess
looooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooook iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiittttttttttttttttttttttttttttttsssssssssssssssssssssssssss coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooollllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllliiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Yes
its alright
Somehow managed to break the addiction to then relapse a few months later.
the factory must grow
Factory must grow
a
This ♥♥♥♥ is about a tier under crack cocaine in terms of dopamine hits. Highly recommend. The game that is.
Once you start, you cant stop
I love the complexity of the game and its realistic details, and just how far your imagination can go with a factory.
Its an okay game but if you are new to the genre, pick up Dyson Sphere Program instead. I kinda wish I tried Factorio first, because while its a fine game, and one I do not necessarily regret spending the $35 on, I think DSP is a better game in a number of ways. It has a much nicer interface with regards to placing buildings and objects, the way DSP has construction bots built into your character from the start, and its in three dimensions although mostly top-down. DSP also has far better graphics, not that that impacts the play of the game, but it is much nicer to look at. :)
great game. gets you thinking
Highly engaging and addictive. The game takes a bit to learn, but it'll draw you back in over and over. The base game is also highly customizable for your play style. My only recommendation is to not jump in until you have a substantial amount of time for it, because it will draw you in for a few hours at least.
Crash landed on an alien world. Mission: build a rocket and leave.  I built the rocket.  Then I noticed my copper throughput could be better.  The factory grows.  The planet is dead now. Not destroyed — optimized. Forests replaced with belts. Oceans filled in because water was “in the way.” The natives protest. I respond by inventing newer ways to erase them.  The factory grows.  They charge my walls in screaming waves. I greet them with lasers, flamethrowers, and a spreadsheet that says this is optimal.  The factory grows.  The air is poison. The sky is pollution. My power armor filters it all, along with guilt and remorse.  The factory grows.  Logistic bots scream overhead like metallic insects. Their hum has replaced my heartbeat. When they stop, I panic.  The factory grows.  “Build a rocket and go home.”  I did.  Then I tore it down for parts.  The factory grows.
ADHDs nightmare, this game is crack cocaine in digital form. nothing compares.
like the vegas casinos, you'll play all day & night
12 hours. 12 hours to complete the tutorial and it didn't even cover but about 20% of what the game can do. 10/10
If you're here, you probably already know this, but the primary gameplay loop of optimizing your factory as supply and demand grow and new resources become unlocked is highly addictive
I understand the appeal of the game and find it to be very fun, but also very frustrating. I don't find the game to be difficult. It's just the way the game feels like it's steering me to embrace the bus design, which personally i don't like. I find it difficult to make things in a way i enjoy. I enjoy the numbers to be perfect, but it feels like the game isn't designed for that. I'm not saying that the game needs to change, i'm just having a hard time changing to it. Very good game and i'll keep trying to change my ways.  Edit: Yeah I changed my ways and it was very fun 👍
A strategic game dedicated to automatisation, mining resources and planning of automatic production of increasingly complex products is a very interesting concept.
I LIKE THIS GAME
cool game
good
Just completed the tutorial and still dont know what im doing
the factory must grow
amazing game
For two weeks after buying this game every time I spoke to my friends all I could say was "The factory must grow."  This game is too addictive, only play if you have the next 100 hours free.
I wish this game never stops getting more "ages". "Spaceage" is a hit <3.
This game is way too addictive. I can only start playing it, if I've got atleast 40 hours of spare time.
Amazing
Best game of its genre. 10/10
Base game is good.  huge expansion mods make it endlessly better!
Guess it´s okay.
i do not recommend this game in the slightest. its amazing but will consume your soul
[b]Factorio[/b] is hailed as one of the original automation games. The epitome of automation big brain thinking, big factory layouts, and consuming massive quantities. It is difficult to think small when thinking inside or about Factorio. This game is also one of the few where the developers have a hard stance on [b]never participating in a sale of any kind[/b]. After four years of early access, five years on market, and one massive expansive DLC later – Where does the game stand today?  [b][u]The Good[/u]:[/b][list] [*] The artwork in this game is fantastic and holds up at multiple zoom levels, which is technically impressive for the game engine itself. This feature is also vital for quickly glancing at the factory and sussing out what comes next. The artwork is also very unique and there is nothing else on the market quite like it. This lends a lot to the character of the game as looking at the factory in motion is primarily what most players end up doing at one point or another. [*] The game engine runs fairly well despite the eventual immense scale of most factories. [*] Blueprinting layouts can easily be handled in a sandbox environment, then imported into current saves. This not only saves time, but can help facilitate better understanding of layouts and play. The community can also share blueprints for easier new player approaches. [*] Logistical challenges are present and require forethought to some degree. [*] Automation through trains and rail networks is handled well and can be a lot of fun. Trains can also become unplanned defensive mechanisms or errant player deaths.[/list]   [b][u]The Mediocre[/u]:[/b][list] [*] The soundtrack is unobtrusive but unmemorable. Factorio can lend itself well to being something to do while listening to an audio book or lengthy video. [*] Biters, the antagonist aliens in the main game, are intelligent and require thought to deal with. However, they cannot be sent through a maze like a tower defense. Options to deal with them are minimal at best and unexciting at worst. Combat can be too fast at times, leading to the player dying as the Biters out damage player repair kits or player damage output. [*] While logistical challenges are present, they are simply fixed by adding [b]more things[/b] until problems are solved. [*] Fun is relative. Either the Biters are the entertainment or throwing oneself against the myriad of design and layout issues is the entertainment. If neither of these things are entertaining, [i]nothing is entertaining[/i].[/list]  [b][u]The Bad[/u]:[/b][list] [*] The game scales poorly. When starting out, the first challenge is to get automation up and running as that is the soul of the game. This is handled by pouring resources into creating science packs and unlocking technology. This is the core game loop for progression. However, after completing red and green science (pseudo tutorial to science and research) – The next steps become horrendously expensive. Want 10 red and green science pack factories? Using a Factorio calculator, this gives a minimum of 30 stone furnaces, 21 electric mining drills, and 28 assemblers to produce 60 red science and 50 green science per minute. Now for the equivalent 50 blue science packs per minute (the next automation tier). An additional 66 stone furnaces, 39 electric mining drills, new oil processing, and 65 assemblers are needed [b]([i]and most likely new resource patches, trains, and assembling train tracks[/i])[/b]. This is using just tier 1 automation machines. However, tier 2 machines shrink the footprint: 33 steel furnaces and 46 tier 2 assemblers (the drills are already tier 2). None of this addresses throughput and the limitations of the conveyor belts. [*] The above means factory layouts become massive quickly. This would not be such an issue if Factorio had this information displayed in some means the player can figure out. However, it does not. Often times, players utilize outside of game tools and utilities to math out what the factory needs and how to meet the minimum requirements. A simple in game calculator mod disables achievements if those are important to you. This seems like something the developers could have addressed in ten years, but still choose not to for some reason. [*] While trying to figure out massive factory layout requirements, Biters are an ever present threat. Playing on default settings, these little annoyances quickly grow into powerful distractions threatening to end the game. They expand frequently and can grow in strength rapidly. Dealing with them directly only amplifies their strength growth requiring the player to constantly keep ahead in defensive research and funnel an ever increasing amount of resources to keep them at bay. The massive layout requirements demand the player eventually push them back and deal with them, which in turn only amplifies their danger. This is a death spiral for newer players. If a player stays ahead of Biter issues, they become a mere nuisance rather than an engaging element of the game. This begs the question as to why they exist in the first place other than to serve as punishment for new players and an uninteresting engagement for seasoned veterans. [b][i]I have read several threads in which veterans usually shut Biters off eventually due to performance issues in the late game as well.[/i][/b] [*] There are additional issues with automation for balancing resources on belts to handle throughput problems and the insertion tools that put things into the many buildings often fail to have the reach necessary to grab the items. With all this future technology, one would think there might be some sort of automatic means of balancing belt issues. The game even throws the solution to this all with automated logistics bots that haul things everywhere inside the factory. Eventually, players can obsolete the belts altogether which can be a better solution. This can also lead to game performance problems due to the massive number of bots now flying around. Getting a single factory setup for logistic bots also requires a massive layout as well [b]([i]that is 135 T2 assemblers, 133 T2 furnaces, and 146 electric mining drills in case you wonder[/i])[/b]. [*] There are more approachable automation games on the market for the asking price these days. As of writing, Factorio’s base game is $35 USD. Satisfactory is $40 USD. Shapez 1 and it’s DLC are about $15 USD. Shapez 2 is $25 USD. Timberborn is $35 USD. Dyson Sphere program is $20 USD. Captain of Industry is $35 USD. Mindustry is $10 USD. Oddsparks is $30 USD. All these other options often go on sale for less. Factorio may have been unique in 2016, but almost ten years have passed and there are other options out on the market today. [*] Finally, the community can be elitist and toxic. The only person I have ever blocked on Steam in 17 years came from this community. This bares mentioning and please understand that this is not every user you come across. Many of them are wonderful and very helpful. However, there are plenty of new player questions that get asked where a [i]veteran[/i] cannot help but chime in aggressively and accuse the new player of some fabricated social faux pas.[/list]  [u][b]The TL;DR[/b]:[/u] Factorio is the genre staple many games seek to emulate. It absolutely establishes the statement, [i]”The factory must grow”[/i] as echoed by many a Factorio player. The factory itself takes on a role much like an Eldritch God that needs daily appeasement in order to hold back the imperceptible horrors hiding on the fringes our shared reality. Factorio is by no means a bad game. However, the lack of approachable in game information flow, scaling in game technology to keep factory footprints (and game performance) manageable for smooth-brains like myself, and a real gut punch to time investment make this game a questionable investment when so many other choices are on the market ten years later.
If you wanna spend hours in a game, this is it.
perfect game, endless opportunities with mods, only downside is that you have to stop every now and then to eat something or whatever bc apparently you "need to sustain bodily functions" which seems really pointless given how amazing this game is. so yeah, be prepared to start the game, blink twice and notice that 12 hours have passed and your bladder is close to exploding. Love it, 10/10, no notes
[h1] "Would you recommend this game to other players?" Well... [/h1] That's what Steam asks me when I post a review, and for Factorio, as much as it goes against the grain, I'm going to have to say no, unfortunately.  [h2] But what about the positives? It can't be all bad [/h2] That is definitely true. Some standouts: - The amount of QoL features present is something other games in the genre should strive for. - The optimization and developer transparency is second to none in the industry and should be displayed as an example of how you develop software and keep your community informed - It runs flawlessly under Linux without the need for Proton compatibility layers thanks to having a native Linux build  [h2] But we're not here to review software design practices [/h2] Unfortunately, the game is marred by some... questionable pricing and design choices. The elephant in the room first - the pricing. I bought this game back when it was much cheaper (sometime back in 2018), and I'd argue that's a great price for this game given the content on display (about 30-40 hours for a playthrough if you take your time), but looking at it now, with its current price tag, I cannot recommend it. While yes, I may seem a tad hypocritical with my 130 hours in this game, aside from a bit of mucking around in multiplayer, most of those hours consisted of a much more clueless version of me bouncing off this game repeatedly over the years before finally sitting down and the game seriously, only to be beat the base game underwhelmed and go, "wait, that's it?"  And what's in the base game? For a game that advertises itself as a logistics sim, there's little in the way of complex logistics required to actually beat the game. Look at a diagram of a printed circuit board and you've already solved the game's biggest logistical challenge - massing resources and splitting them off where they need to go. I had hoped that maybe the mathematical side of the game could change things, but no, it's all stuff you could solve in 5 minutes with algebra you'd learn in secondary school. There's an entire digital logic system you can play around with, but aside from one optional case (which I found quite fun, granted), it has next to no practical use when it comes to your main goal of launching a rocket. So how do we make an easy game harder?  [h2] Solution: grab a hammer [/h2] Every hour - or every half hour if you're unlucky, the fine residents of the planet will decide to waltz up to your buildings with an assortment of instruments of deconstruction and subject you to forced rapid disassembly, of course!  Jests aside, the biters feel like an impedance and an afterthought to pad out a simple game with more uninteresting busywork: clear their nests with a shallow combat system whose automation comes too late, mindlessly build defences by clicking and dragging straight lines of belts full of items whose recipes are so simple you can just mindlessly plop down factories making them without second thought, or just turn them off and live a happier life without their constant tantrums...  [h2] Is what I would say, if... [/h2] The game weren't designed around them existing. There exists an entire research tree dedicated to killing them better, and there's an entire crafting tab dedicated to making the gear that kills them faster.  [h2] But what about mods? [/h2] Admittedly, I didn't touch mods, and truthfully, they shouldn't be taken into consideration when reviewing a standalone game such as this. This game is not advertised as a modding platform, and thus it should be judged for what it provides. Mods may eclipse the quality of the base game, yes, but they don't render any verdict on the base game's quality moot.  [h1] Verdict [/h1] It's a great piece of software, but as a game, it stands marred with game design choices that are either frustratingly simple or frustratingly inconvenient.  Spend your money elsewhere.
Yes
amazing-ass game bro
i no undertand :c why gme mean
The GOAT of automation games
Crack cocaine, meth, and heroin all distilled into a pure, digital form.
The factory must grow
16 hours behind. It feels amazing!
this game is truly better then crack help
The factory must expand
Probably the best modern automation game there is.
its a very addictive game, but overall really fun and attention drawing
Just like, yes.
Radtorio
10/10
this game is more addictive than most opiates, but damn the factory needs to grow
it is the best game i ever player!!!!
I've always had a fascination with factory games, so this was obviously the perfect choice for me
Good Game
I am only 19 hours in and i can confidently say that i can spend hundreds or hours in the game and still not be bored.
Game works perfectly on Mac M1.
i dont know what im doing
best game ever
Best factory game. Period.
best game i ever played
Amazing game if you don't mind losing track of time
Literal crack.
Where did my Time went ??
For the once who come after : The factory must grow !!!
so addicting holy
It is a very awesome game but I wish it could be play able on the Lenovo legion. Most buttons are taken care of just wish the rest were on screen buttons or some kind of variant of the quick access wheel from the controller support. Also it might be a way to make the game mobile lol. Thank you for creating a awesome game.
help i am trapped in the factory, the trains scare me. I think they are out for blood...
FACTORY MUST GROW.
If you like to automate stuff, this will consume your life. Go for it.
Trust me I'm an engineer
Good game, very addictive.
Simply a great game, as soon as you think you have it figured out I learn better ways from co-workers, friends and Youtube.  I love this game, and I hate biters!
It's okay
im shedding tears playing this peak
good
I just finished the tutorial. It took me 29.1 hours. Here's hoping gameplay is as fun
autism crack
Ever got a headache beause you're thinking too hard? Factorio
Peak
Fun
this game is more adiction inducing than all of narcotics and shi combined AND I LOVE IT
I forgot to work because I was playing Factorio. Was it worth it? Definitely! I managed to optimize my SPM by 6% and now I have 843 SPM
Went to a work trip where i was on call for 16 days, played this game for 140ish hours while there. the schitzo took over and when i looked at the factory i made afterward i didn't recognize anything i did or how anything worked, then proceeded to optimize the whole thing for another 10 hours. 10/10 game, THE FACTORY MUST GROW
ok game, I've played a bit
I no longer perceive time. I only perceive throughput.
Drug
This land was promised to us 3000 years ago,.. and we will claim it.
The automation part of the game is really fun, it really makes you think and it was a really fun mental challenge. But holy hell the amount of waiting you need to do is absurd, most of your time in the game will be spent waiting for things to get researched, which is  as boring as it sounds.
faktery
Sleep is a bottleneck
I'm Reviewing this after my first session, AND HOW DID I GET 8 HOURS ALREADY. Guess its true what they say... The Factory Must Grow.  Also please don't accidentally shove raw iron ore onto your main Iron Sheet line (ESPECIALLY if its connected in way that the iron ore will only periodically get dumped in mass halting all production until you go manually fix it... Its not like I did that or anything)
the king of all factory games
Do you like forgetting about your responsibilities and dedicating the precious weeks you have left in your life to the pursuit of optimising the flow of little sprites on your screen? Get this game! It's never on sale, so get it now!
I'M AN ENGINEER!!!
This is a sit down and don't stand up for 12 hours type of game, so take that as an endorsement, or a warning.
Addictive
I came for the nostalgic graphics.  I stayed for the building...  ...and the optimisation  ...and the trains  ...and the mods  ...and the bus... my beautiful bus
do NOT go to Gleba as your first planet in the Space Age dlc
I became a software engineer to play this game
The best and most addicitive game I have ever played!
My very own addiction... 9/10 fent users will keep coming back, the other 1/10 overdosed 10/10 factorio users will keep coming back, factorio > fent
very fun 
Cannot write a full review - the factory must grow.
Continuous optimisation challenges keep you entertained and engaged, trying to figure out all the ways in which you can make your factory bigger and more efficient.
I started a factory... and then another one... and another bigger one... oh and then I made it more efficient and more secure and repeated the process. And more planets and other strategies to discover... and and and and...  And then it was so many years later and I am still enjoying this game... this is first class gaming legacy
mind game
yes
very addicting. i started out playing satisfactory so the start was easy
factory must grow
tuff
This is one of the best games I have ever played, in 40 years as a game player. Hands down. Base plus the Space Age DLC are 100% worth the price. What an awesome game.
IM GOING INSANE HELP ME OH MY GOD HELP
Factorio has got to be one of the OG factory building games, but it still holds all the others to the highest standard of automation. This game is incredible, the depth you can go is crazy, but it still caters to folk who may want to do a playthrough and keep things relatively simple. With the introduction of Space Age, there is even more tremendous depth to this game. This is an absolute mandatory part of anyone's collection who loves automation, base building, factory games and managing complex production chains.
excelent
addictive
I have 1360 hours on this game its fun
This may need to be classified as a cognitohazard
Cracktorio
Welp... +80 hours went by fast...
DO NOT BUY if you are into these games. Starting a fresh game tends to go like this.  Mhhh at bit boring after 2 hours. Let me take a short break. Ok, just a little more. Ohh 2 in the morning already, just a bit more - F U C  K now it is 6 and it is a wednesday. Need to get up for work in an hour 🤣
Amazing game, designed for engineers and by engineers. Is a must go if you are an engineer of any kind.  PS: The game is extremely good and extremely addictive, to play with attention.
This game is for you if your current work isn't enough. Just remember: sometimes you just have to leave everything as is and go to sleep.
Nice game 
If there is one game that deserves its community-given nickname "Crack-torio," it is Factorio. While many games claim to be "addictive," Factorio is a digital feedback loop so potent it should come with a warning from the Department of Labor. Now, in late 2025, following the massive 2.0 update and the Space Age expansion, the game has transitioned from a niche simulation into the undisputed gold standard of the automation genre.
Any game I have nearly thousand hours I have to recommend.
amazing game that has inspired the creation of many factory games. Thank you for creating such an amazing genre of games.
Lovely game if you like solving puzzles and pretty 2D visuals.
build and win
Amazing game.
The factory must grow!
crack
factrorio is more focused on logistics than combat but its fun
Jamell Maurice Demons
I own this, and Satisfactory.  Satisfactory may be all fancy and 3D, but this game is the one I prefer.  If you like building stuff and have it laid out "just so", this is the game for you.  Word of warning, it's very addictive. The factory must grow.
Best factory game there is. Huge replayability and optimised to perfection.
i love my spaghetti and my spaghetti loves me 10/10
Caution - Too addictive.
solid game.
This game is so good I bought it after pirating it for like 50 hours.
you'll become unemployed very fast
Factory has grown to big size :3
You're building a logic grid in real time while playing on a system built on thousands of logic grids. Au-Dhd hasn't ever been so in tune.
very good game. You are going to make mistakes, this is part of the learning journey. Do not start over. Keep going forward. Otherwise you will never reach endgame.
****DO NOT****  Download this at 02:00AM!!!!!   Its like crack to an addict!!!
I just played the tutorial for now, but it was so good.
good
I bought this game with a gift card in 2020 then a bomb blew up my isp for like 2 weeks, and this was all I could play, probably the best game to get stuck with tbh
THE FACTORY  [b] MUST [/b] GROW
fun to kill bug things
Been gaming since ZX Spectrum was a thing. Never written a single review, but I guess it's time to just get it done for the most addictive game out there.  Closing in on 13k hours, never ever launched a rocket. I play a very slow game, crank up the marathon settings and add mods to make it almost impossible to complete. Then slowly grow my factory for 1000h or 2000h, find a better way to do my rail system or defence system, delete all saves and start over.  Play with full Angels/Bob suite, but the one I really love is AAI zones and programmable vehicles. I can program complex behaviors and full automate my defence. Automatically scan for aliens, mark them with zones, send chaingunners to the zone, clean up, return and resupply. Then send a warden to pick up alien loot. Everything is fully automatic. Even have a safe switch if my chaingunner squad is reduced below a certain number, they retreat until they squad is at full strength again. I play with Rampant and the alien bases spread like wildfire, but this system keep them of my back so I can build the factory.  So, yes I recommend this game :-)
don't start this game, unless you have hundreds of hours to sacrifice. There is no way out.
This game is a literal drug, once you start you can't stop. You just want to keep expanding and growing the factory and making it more efficient in any way possible. Highly recommend this game but do watch the clock as you play.
Be careful, this game could drain your life away :)
maksim kalov
FUN
With how easy the game is to mod, it has effectively infinite content!
pretty bgood
this is the perfect game
mandatory game for engineer
Incredible base building automation game, a genre-defining masterpiece.
help i cant escape
This is just a good game period.
I Dont have many hours on steam with is because i just downloaded it from factorio.com but this game is super addicting i have clocked in over 2k hours already across my saves and im planning on way more than that in the future great game WUBE. But no really it is ADDICTING on reddit you will see it called cracktorio because it just is.
very few games are as great as factorio is  the factory shall grow
forced me to play for 50 hours a week
the factory must grow 
entertaining 🙂👍
ptm ya 60 horas y sigo en la superficie del juego 
Ah ♥♥♥♥ its started
BEST Game . Seriously. If your broke, if someone broke up with you, if a relative died.   It can Cure it all.   Cause it makes time vanish.......#  into nothingness and void.   Best meaningless Hours of my life.   Use your brain.   And play this game.   Not for fame.   But for your face in a frame.  There is a Factory to tame.   Everyone can solve it. there is no Shame.    And this little poem was lame.    love and dead biters.
Autism
the game is honestly peak. absolutely recommend it. at some point you start usind spreadsheets which may scare some but the rest will truly know how good the game is
Crack if it was a video game
chill
Juegazo, 100% recomendado si tienes algun trastorno del espectro autista
Best Game i have ever played
I really like how structured and efficient the game can be. It is nice to see the art and spaghetti that forms from building a factory, and at some point I should return to my first playthrough where I never finished the game, and complete the game. If you are looking to start out on this game I wish you good luck, and to make way more green chips than you think you need. If you want a interesting challenge try increasing the research multiplier up to 10 times, this is my current playthrough, and the one where I plan to finish the game for the first time.
Scratches an itch that very few games can.
trains+nukes ✅
heroin but more efficient
Great game!
the factory must grow
I love a good Pyanodon's puzzle
Such a fantastic game, super addicting and can't stop thinking about it.
Excellent linux support!
hypertechnical but very rewarding
Such a good game !
Factorio is an amazing game about optimising your factory, but soon you'll be optimising your time so you can play more Factorio. The factory must grow.
It will certainly scratch your OCD itch that's for sure.
It stinks and they don't like it.
Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti  
The gold standard for factory games.  Most of the challenge is in the 2D nature of the game. Other than short underground connections, you can't layer your logistics design. As more items join the production chain your base can quickly turn into spaghetti with conveyers everywhere.  What's most amazing is that when you win the game after 40 hours you'll feel compelled to play again and try to build a cleaner designed base. There's also plenty of challenging achievements for long time players.  If you're new to factory games, consider this a solid recommendation to start here.
worth the pricetag. but it's a fairly steep learning curve so don't expect to hop in and find it easy.  Though if you do like a game which requires a bit more thinking than clicking it's very rewarding
I don't regret buying this game.
I love this game. If you have the tism, you may well love this game too.   Get it. Play it.  The factory must grow to support the growing needs of the factory.
Best game I've ever played. It can take you a while to get the hang of it but once you got it, there is no going back. You must like solving problems in order for this game to be good for you.  Well balanced, the expansion adds more over the base experience, you are gonna get at least 150 hours of joyful gameplay, and you will want to do another run again (because the game is about making mistakes and learning from them)  And oh boy, don't even get me started with mods. Krastorio, Space Exploration: there you have at least 600 hours more of gameplay. Best money spent on gaming ever.
⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ 5/5 Stars!  Great game, loads of fun! Is great if you love to organise stuff and make everything run well. I like it cause i get to imagine lots whilst playing it, like what i'd do if i crash landed on on the planet. Only downside is i do feel bad for the bugs but sometimes you gotta do what you gotta do.
help me
Land on Planet. Got basic materials. build out base. Realize how terrible the layout is. Redesign base layout. Start seeing production go way up, Start getting science packs, Automate one thing. Lightbulb goes off. AUTOMATE EVERYTHING. realize your base is too small. Redesign the entire thing. Finish automating everything. Dopamine. Peal game
Addiction in its purest form. Get hooked.
TOTAL BUG DEATH
postwork work ... one of my forever games
All I need is 4 words; The factory must grow
THE FACTORY MUST GROWTHE FACTORY MUST GROWTHE FACTORY MUST GROWTHE FACTORY MUST GROWTHE FACTORY MUST GROWTHE FACTORY MUST GROWTHE FACTORY MUST GROWTHE FACTORY MUST GROWTHE FACTORY MUST GROWTHE FACTORY MUST GROWTHE FACTORY MUST GROWTHE FACTORY MUST GROWTHE FACTORY MUST GROWTHE FACTORY MUST GROWTHE FACTORY MUST GROWTHE FACTORY MUST GROWTHE FACTORY MUST GROWTHE FACTORY MUST GROWTHE FACTORY MUST GROWTHE FACTORY MUST GROWTHE FACTORY MUST GROWTHE FACTORY MUST GROWTHE FACTORY MUST GROWTHE FACTORY MUST GROWTHE FACTORY MUST GROWTHE FACTORY MUST GROWTHE FACTORY MUST GROWTHE FACTORY MUST GROWTHE FACTORY MUST GROWTHE FACTORY MUST GROWTHE FACTORY MUST GROWTHE FACTORY MUST GROWTHE FACTORY MUST GROWTHE FACTORY MUST GROWTHE FACTORY MUST GROWTHE FACTORY MUST GROWTHE FACTORY MUST GROWTHE FACTORY MUST GROWTHE FACTORY MUST GROWTHE FACTORY MUST GROW
the factory must grow
This is a puzzle sandbox game. If you enjoy solving puzzles alone, or with friends, this game is an excellent choice. You do not need to solve all of the puzzles to enjoy the game.
It's a super grindy factory game. It's pretty self-explanatory. You'll either like it or you won't. It got pretty boring after awhile, but idk, maybe I'll come back to it one day when I feel like grinding again. It's well-made for its genre, just not my favorite genre. Better than Satisfactory in a lot of ways, but exploring 3D worlds is always more immersive than exploring 2D worlds, so that's the only thing Satisfactory is a bit better at. If you're interested, buy it. It never goes on sale, so today is as good as any other day.
The factory must grow  There is no easy way to review this game. My recommendation is play the demo. You will very quickly realize if you like the game or not.
yes game good
Really good game in which you enjoy the time that flies by. The main game loop is, for instance: You want to make a car, you need iron and copper. You make iron and copper mines.  However, you now need energy to power the mines, you make steam engines.  However you now need fuel for those steam engines, you make coal mines. However the locals hate the smell, so you make ammo. However you need resources... How is it already 3 in the morning ? In short: The factory must grow !
fun got me hooked and i am not really sleepoing becous of it cant stop playing
The Factory must grow.
basically my forever game. too good with mods.
If games nowadays were made with the love, passion, and care that Factorio was. They would be worth the 80 dollar price tag.

its champion
It's like trying out cocaine.
The factories must always grow!
the factory grows and i cant stop it overall 10/10 mods r fun ;)
Best game
this game is really adictive
Eh
This game is the perfect time sink. Incremental progress, never ending to-do list, logistics for days. It does make you time travel. You will lose hours to this game if you allow it.
I'm just a noob so idk if my opinion really matters but it seems fun
beautiful.
This is the best numbers-go-up game I've ever played. :D
es good 
Has to be the most addictive game ever created:)
Have you ever wanted build a factory as you scrape together every neuron you have in order to make your factory grow while beating back the bitters with a stick. Sucking up all the resources in 1000mile radius throwing them onto whatever belt and assembler you can find while pumping out more pollution than London in the industrial revolution all to actualize your goal of sending a fish into space... This is Factorio
The Factory must grow
crack if it was a game
Excellent way to spend a lot of time in a logical and calming way. Having the monsters and an end goal make it super fun to progress through.
Best game ever
Great building game.
oh god my factory keeps growing help me
this isn't even fun it's just confusing and very repetitive. but if you like doing the same thing a million times and thinking a lot u might like it.
freaking awesome game, can't put it down
Pretty good
Don't play this game, it will suck you in like a black hole.  500 hours later you'll be chanting to yourself:  "The Factory... must grow."
ive played for less than an hour and i already hate it here
Seriously addictive!
Great
By far my favourite automation based game, and a top 5 of all time.
this is basically crack
optimisation
great
A very fun and engaging base building game, that you automate over time. Though be warned, this game definately is a time sink, making hours disappear like minutes... yet it is highly enjoyable. I strongly recommend this game for people that enjoy base building and automation.
Can't say anything that hasn't been said thousands of times in these reviews.  Buy. This. Game.
Me when no winter sale, I hate you. Let me play with my friends without nintendo premium pricing on dollar store product pls
The factory must grow
I started playing the tutorial thinking that I could finish it over a weekend, send help
great game
if I could sacrifice myself for the Factory, I would. After all, "The factory must grow."
aUTISM
This game is crack.
Not much can be said about Factorio which hasn't already been said of cocaine...
I told my friend that we just were gonna automate Logistic Science: ok so we need inserters Oh! But inserters need burner inserters Ok? so we need metal rods. oh and the single engine but that needs metal and gears ok then we need more miners crap but i dont have enough...
The factory must grow
Psychological horrors of spoilage never had been so much fun.
Absolutely my most played game in the last decade.  It scratches an itch in my brain that no other video game comes close to.  More than just an automation and factory building game, it's a problem solvers puzzle that just constantly evolves and gains complexity.  The Space Age DLC cranks that up and puts the ceiling in another galaxy. This is all before even considering MODs, which the developers fully support and even include a searchable modpage in the game engine itself.  Want your game to be easier/harder? Don't like a particular feature in the game? Want construction bots early game?  THERES A MOD FOR IT! I've been coming back to this game constantly for the last 5 years, and I'll probably keep coming back far into the future.
Brain go buzzzzzzz
The best resource management/ automation game ever made in my opinion. Love this games so much, and it has alot of costumization so you can play it just the way you want to. Can recommend to people who enjoy this type of game. The factory must grow!
The Factory Must Grow
it will absorb your soul ! 10 of 10
What? is already December?  ok, back to the factory, factory must grow
Cracktorio.
Bit too addictive
it's good
An must with factory building game
I have never ever been sucked into a game like this before.. I go to work to relax...from working in the game ;)
I bought this game thinking, "oh, neat, a little building game..." that was three months ago. Since then, I’ve forgotten the names of my extended family, but I can tell you exactly how many Iron Plates per second a blue belt carries.  I played a lot of hours to get a steady supply of Blue Science, then I spent even more hours trying to optimize the Blue Science line because I noticed a one second delay in a single inserter.   If you enjoy realizing at 3:00 AM that you’ve spent the last eight hours essentially doing unpaid digital logistics work, this is the game for you.
autism simulator
The Factory must grow
If you like the base building/automation genre, this is absolutely the best in it!
The factory must grow.
it's a good exercise to help your vibe coding syndrome by forcing you into watching all kinds of grumpy old men making blueprints of their 1.873213876% more optimal design than what your theseus factory had, just to ruin your factory because you forgot to clean up another sector, so you redo said sector and the cycle continues.....  BUT, since this game will NEVER go on sale you should buy this sooner than later, inflation got me paying this game for 150% more than its original price in my region
A prime example of gaming done right. At first glance, it seems simple. A factory building game where you are attempting to automate production of materials, which you will use to produce further items or conduct research. But the genius behind the implementation is just how many ways you can perform that task. Excellent player expression, you are given a blank slate to do with as you please. A single prompt to start the game, you are here on an unknown planet. You play, build and explore. The whole time you feel like you are discovering something new and interesting. The base game of just building a rocket is already a great taste of what the game has to offer. But then space age, my goodness, it takes it up to 11. You are not just building a rocket anymore, you are traveling the stars, settling strange new planets and learning unique and challenging new puzzles on each one.   Then you realize the game has an amazing mod framework, with well documented API. If space age takes the base game to 11, mods takes it to 69. I have never seen a game which supports its modding community like this. Easily install, update, and manage your mods from inside the game. Easily swap between mod sets for different save files, with convenient buttons for syncing which mods are enabled as well as their options to reflect the settings for that save. Then outside the game, they have an entire database documenting everything related to the mod framework and its prototypes. If you want to modify something, its as easy as looking it up and doing it! (not to mention the developer keybindings you can use in-game as well)
good game, but dev is a piece of ♥♥♥♥ pirate this instead, save yourself the 70$
Things moving make me happy 👍
Best game. I can now loose 10h per weekend. Best thing ever, you should play
Requires a phd to play
The only bad thing I can say about Factorio is that afterwards other games will be painfully unlike Factorio.
Absolute crack
Must automate
fun friends
crack
Every time pollution triggers a biter attack the game hits my balls with a hammer
One of the only games where I saw the sun come up outside twice before I decided it was time to stop playing and go to bed.
love the  game
tfmg
it's okay
I think i can now say that i do in fact enjoy this game.
800 hours in and still enjoying the ♥♥♥♥ out of this game with mods like SE
Best Strat/Builder game around. Get Lost in the Sauce!
Easy to spend all day playing!
The factory must grow
Totally not a good game. I definitely do not know many people who play this all day in between work. Really fun and engaging. If I actually stuck with games I like, I'd bet I'd have hundreds of hours.
One of the best games i have ever played. The pure essence of gameplay
This game has ruined my life. 10/10
"Ok, tonight I'm just going to upgrade my power and then I'm going to quit and go to bed on time... wait how is it 3am already???"
I'm literally seeing conveyor belts when I close my eyes.
PRO: Will tickle that itch and teach you more about programing & logistics than a university ever will. CON: The factory must grow, and sleep is a bottleneck.
I've played over 500h (seems that playing offline does not register game hours). And I can say, I will play at least another 1000h in the next 1 or 2 years... Mi forecasts honestly can't process how many total hours I could play this, if I had time.  That said... I'm addicted, it's one of the best games i've ever played, it's so fun to solve constant issues, curse at my past self because of the poor decisions and then get drones and destroy everything 20 times until I'm happy with the factory expansion rate... Because, THE FACTORY MUST GROW.  I do recommend couple of things for your experience to actually be enjoyable and not abandon in the first 40h. - Before playing your first game, search for nothing, don't open any wikis, you've probably already seen people play if your buying the game. And if not, even better.  - Look carefully at the start screen (you can see interesting ways of building stuff or ideas for issues you're encountering) - Play ALL THE TUTORIALS, you can play chill, there's no rush, simply understand how the game works, it's tops 6-8h of gameplay.  Now you can start a new game. Don't edit anything on you map, just hop straight in. Whit what you've learned on the brilliantly made tutorials, you will be more than capable of playing your first 40h, then, you hopefully have f up enough times to handle the rest just fine.  And now you can open wikis (outside the game, there's's an in-game wiki, very useful to understand basic concepts of the different items) investigate the most efficient ways of doing whatever. I personally have not used a single guide, or wiki other than to understand the red and green wire (now all my railroad system is fully automated, emergency resources for fixing bases, under demand resources, and after 20h with no accidents or jams as well).  Simply enjoy the game and don't obsess on if you are doing things right. If it works, it's good. With time, your brain simply starts (trauma based response) to be more thoughtful with your future self and think of possible solutions to problems you can see will appear when building your whatever.  Buy it, enjoy it, suffer with it. It's like life, but here you actually control something.  Lastly, I do recommend using something like trello once more experienced in the game, that way you can plan ahead and if you ever have to stop playing, you can hop back in and know exactly what you where doing, and what reasons are behind you weird decisions.
Fine I guess
Factorio isn’t just a game — it’s an experience that rewires how you think about problem-solving. From the very first conveyor belt, you’re hooked into a loop of creativity, efficiency, and discovery. What starts as a simple task of mining iron quickly evolves into a sprawling, beautifully complex network of machines, trains, and logistics that feels alive.  What makes Factorio extraordinary:  - Infinite Replayability: Every run feels different. Whether you’re optimizing for speed, scale, or elegance, the game constantly challenges you to improve. - Perfect Balance of Depth and Accessibility: It’s easy to start, but endlessly deep. You’ll learn something new every time you play. - Brilliant Game Balance: The pacing of research, resource scarcity, and enemy pressure is tuned so well that it keeps you engaged without ever feeling unfair. You’re always nudged forward, never forced. - Community & Mods: The modding scene and player community elevate the game even further, offering endless ways to expand your factory. - Satisfaction Like No Other: Few games deliver the same rush as watching your carefully designed system hum in perfect harmony.  This is a game that respects your intelligence, rewards your persistence, and sparks your imagination. It’s not just about building factories — it’s about building dreams of efficiency. If you love creativity, strategy, and the joy of seeing chaos turn into order, Factorio is simply unmatched.  ⭐ 10/10 — One of the greatest games ever made.
great game
it's aight
cool game
Amazing game. You will lose days of your life pursuing efficiency.
The factory must grow
love it
The factory must grow
Kiss goodbye to your life. After the first 100 hours everything in your life will be about Factorio. Getting on a train on morning commute? You will think about platforms being congested and how inefficient it is... run out of shampoo in one bathroom and want to pop into the second bathroom to grab it? you'll realise you cannot take resources out of one system to feed another as you won't be solving the deficit...
Factorio doesn’t just ask you to solve problems - it teaches your brain to crave them. You start by automating a tiny task, and suddenly it’s 3 a.m., your factory is a beautiful spaghetti monster, and you’re optimizing belts like your life depends on it.  Every system clicks together perfectly, the learning curve feels rewarding instead of punishing, and the sense of progression is unmatched. There’s no filler, no hand-holding - just pure, elegant design that respects your intelligence.  Warning: buying Factorio may permanently alter how you think about efficiency. 10/10, the factory must grow.
So much fun
Feels like bashing your head against a brick wall while getting mauled by a pack of rabid koalas. Would recommend.
best factory game ever made. gameplay, performance and quality of life is unmatched. best devs in the world
If you like automation and do not have a social life this game is for you and if you had a social life before playing Factorio say goodbye to it...
Very Cool
splendid on all fronts
Hopefully oil is infinite
This game is more addicting than drugs, highly recommend
i like trains.
Straight up greatest builder ever
game for people who likes to engineer
Good for if you want to feel stressed out like you have a full time engineering job.
My favorite automation game
replaces the need for employment
Virtual crack
Me love
love this game
Insanely addictive game!
Greatest factory building game OAT
Nah I just got necluar reactors and automated blue science packs im so proud of my self and you already k ow i would reviewed this earlier but THE FACTORY MUS GROW
The Factory Must Grow.
yes
the factorial is factlongasshitio so i did not do itio
Also known as "Cracktorio".
слонжо
Jesus would approve
It tests the mind very well, I feel smarter already
Scarily addictive 
краще не заходьте в гру, важко вийти
i like building factory and thes gam is god
Absolutely amazing game with lazy devs. I'm not buying your overpriced space mod to get elevated rails.  Hope you don't experience crashes because the forum people are unhelpful and rude. AMD is ~40% of market share, you have to properly support the platform and its quirks, you cannot tell people to underclock their systems or buy new hardware because you are too lazy to fix your own bugs. If I can play hundreds of other games, use heavy software, and pass all stress tests, its your game's fault not my hardware.
ayuda 
I Forgot my biological needs. The weakness of my flesh disgusts me.
i have had this game for 4 and a half days, send help
Oh no
CRACKTORIO! CRACKTORIO! CRACKTORIO!  The first day I PROPPERLY got into this game I forgot about breakfast, lunch and almost supper! I want you to play this game and suffer as I did! GET YOUR DIGITAL CRACK TODAY!
much wow
GUD
Really hard to master
Factory Must Grow
it's 4 am, but the factory must grow
autism simulator 
facotry gaem make happy :)
one of my go-to games when everything else seems boring
the factory must grow
where has my life gone......
Very fun factory building game! If this game clicks with you, it will be addicting (in a good way). My best advice, is that if you don't have enough of some resource, just build more™. Watching tutorials can also help, but designing things is part of the fun, so preferably use those as a last resort.
It's great, but don't launch it if you have somewhere to be. It will suck you in for hours. Great on aderal!
Waiter! Waiter! Can I get an autism deluxe with extra trains please!  
guys I think I am too stupid for this game :(
T H E F A C T O R Y M U S T G R O W !
Excellent.
A great game
Factory Fun.
You know what Factorio is. Buy it, it's great.
actual time travel
they made me type something here

This game is digital crack
JOM KATOKKKKKKKK
They dont call it cracktorio for nothing
In an era where everything looks hyper-realistic, where development studios hire teams of psychologists to design hook loops that keep people engaged, and where every project turns into a live service, this game shines where it matters most - gameplay. It’s just fun to spend time with. I would hug it if I could. Hello, my new best friend.
too addictive
Game to hard. Cant beat game. ADHD wont let me. Really fun game though 10/10
Either this game will hook you like meth or it's not your kind of game.
I love it! Highly addictive, as a software engineer who loves solves problems, this is perfect
I mean... Yes
ye
Worth it.
I bought this game thinking, "Oh, cool, a logistics puzzle game. I'll play this for an hour to unwind after work."  My family keeps knocking on my door asking if I'm okay. I tried to explain to them that I can't come out to dinner because I need to refine my main bus. Plus family are inefficient.  Pros:  - I have never felt more efficient in my life. - I have solved the world's energy crisis (in a simulation). - The factory is growing.  Cons: - The sun is too bright now. - I miss my wife. - I see spaghetti every time I blink.
They said it would be addictive and they did not lie, NO REGRETS!
I recently gave up smoking and I found the best alternate.
good
its good but really hard to learn just join with that expectation
ALL THE BOTTLE NECKS MUST BE SOLVED.
This is the most addictive legal drug in existence
Your first rocket marks the end of the tutorial...
good
This game is genuinely a scam. I REFUSED to play it for so long and then.... one day i did. Guys just know you WILL quit your irl job to grow your factory. be warned.
fish
It stinks and they don't like it, but I do *Violently inhales toxic gas*
cracktorio
Really addicting
IT BECKONS
bugs bites factory must grow deconstruct planner is real  10/10.3 pentapod eggs, never spoil
besst production game ever
italian simulator
"You will never catch me playing a 2D game" were my famous last words. First day I put 7 hours on it. Its fun... its addicting. I was skeptical over a 35$ 2D game... but it's SO worth it.
The factory must grow.
factory go brrrrrrrr
The game is decent (as you see lots of hours) but there are better ones to spend your money on. It's also not worth paying the base game price for a dlc that still relies heavily on base game mechanics. The only thing this game has is the old school look, it gives it a feel that's all it's own.  ( It's a shame they don't care about the community and keep upping the price and never going on sale.)
I really like how this game looks! I do hope I don't spend too much time playing it! 😇😇😇
my head hurts :( 10/10 :D
Crazy addictive game. This game will help you rewire your dopamine receptors.
This is one of the best games i've ever played. Don't buy it.
uojgkuytfkluyfluyfluyfvlhfvkyrszhrexdc,luijhä-pojäopigujdtyukty
F a c t o r y
Absolute masterpiece of a game.  This game is crack and you will spend hours modifying and updating various parts of your factory in order to make it grow.  If you love building systems and evolving them this is a game that you have to play. It's the best in its genre.  Not only is the gameplay great but the game is optimized extremely well and you won't run into late game issues with having too many entities. So you can freely build the most complex and intertwined factory monster you want.
u beat this game and then u just stare at this grotesque creature on the screen that grew out of ur puny brain, and afterwards, u cant help but crack the biggest smile its so awesome  the dlc is insane too, you cant help but feel that the devs know what it means to be a good engineer when building things from the ground it up. go play.
The Factory must GROW!
10/10 good game, like the cra@k version of sim city 2000.
Stockholm syndrome simulator 
Extremely well made. Extremely fun.
For those of whom that desire no life and simply must crunch numbers, I applaud those who play this game for their intellect, but not for their sanitation. I hold it to be self evident that grass will not be a common occurrence when frequenting this game nor would you be without the eternal bliss that is the all holy ratio. Incredibly addictive. will take your soul. Will make you feel like a husk in the end. 10/10, would sell my soul again.
Oh HELL YEA!!! This is the PERFECT factory, automation and survival game to encompass it all! (this is cocaine if you are not careful ;) have fun!!!)
Pixel Crack
Awesome game. Many hours of fun. Be OCD & build super organized base, or go organic & have it go every which way!
how do you play a game for over 1000h and still have no clue how most of the things work. 10/10
pro: really good game  contra: you give up your life for somewhere between 200 hours and a couple years
ONE OF THE BEST GAMES EVER MADE
This game is one of my favorite games of all time. Base game has tons of replayability and it feels so rewarding coming up with better and better designs. I bought this game before the price increased, If you thing you are going to put the hours in, it is well worth the new price.
FACT OREO
10/10
Лучший симулятор переработки планеты в разноцветные колбочки из созданных
It's really ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ good.
Factory forever
this is a good preparation for going to Australia
All the moving thingies make my brain very happy
yes
I bought this game in March of 2016. I think I've gotten my $20 worth of entertainment out of it now.   THE FACTORY MUST GROW!
I've been killed by the train more than the bugs have.
Worth full price 10/10
Good game but the factorio devs are jews who never discount and make all your friends buy dlc to play together
THE FACTORY MUST GROW|!!!!
Baits you into learning math
There isnt a such thing as too much iron, other than that hella fun game!
The factory must grow
 ---{ Graphics }--- ☐ You forget what reality is ☐ Beautiful ☑ Good ☐ Decent ☐ Bad ☐ Don‘t look too long at it ☐ MS-DOS  ---{ Gameplay }--- ☑ Very good ☐ Good ☐ It's just gameplay ☐ Mehh ☐ Watch paint dry instead ☐ Just don't  ---{ Audio }--- ☐ Eargasm ☑ Very good ☐ Good ☐ Not too bad ☐ Bad ☐ I'm now deaf  ---{ Audience }--- ☑ Kids ☑ Teens ☑ Adults ☑ Grandma  ---{ PC Requirements }--- ☐ Check if you can run paint ☑ Potato ☐ Decent ☐ Fast ☐ Rich boi ☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer  ---{ Game Size }--- ☐ Floppy Disk ☑ Old Fashioned ☐ Workable ☐ Big ☐ Will eat 15% of your 1TB hard drive ☐ You will want an entire hard drive to hold it ☐ You will need to invest in a black hole to hold all the data  ---{ Difficulty }--- ☐ Just press 'W' ☐ Easy ☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master ☑ Significant brain usage ☐ Difficult ☐ Dark Souls  ---{ Grind }--- ☑ Nothing to grind ☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks ☐ Isn't necessary to progress ☐ Average grind level ☐ Too much grind ☐ You'll need a second life for grinding  ---{ Story }--- ☑ No Story ☐ Some lore ☐ Average ☐ Good ☐ Lovely ☐ It'll replace your life  ---{ Game Time }--- ☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee ☐ Short ☐ Average ☐ Long ☑ To infinity and beyond  ---{ Price }--- ☐ It's free! ☑ Worth the price ☐ If it's on sale ☐ If u have some spare money left ☐ Not recommended ☐ You could also just burn your money  ---{ Bugs }--- ☑ Never heard of ☐ Minor bugs ☐ Can get annoying ☐ ARK: Survival Evolved ☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs  ---{ ? / 10 }--- ☐ 1 ☐ 2 ☐ 3 ☐ 4 ☐ 5 ☐ 6 ☐ 7 ☐ 8 ☐ 9 ☑ 10 
Bought this game 3 days ago....havent seen the sun since...
It's alright
homework but fun
Amazing game.  Would build a factory again.
HELP please
i have made an amazon warehouse
Best game ever!
Awesome
This game is very good but it will suck your soul and live.
Bangin
I love this game
I think im starting to get addicted
They haven't developed a working method of rehabilitation for this yet. 10/10 will be playing for another 5000 hours.
It's ok
The Factory must grow 👀  Very rewarding, recommend taking breaks.
to many hrs in this game
This game is dangerous, stay away from it.
Its just factoryslop
fun game
Probably the greatest game ever made if you have autism like me.
I love and hate that I lose track of time while playing this game.  I've had many nights that I've become aware of my fatigue at three in the morning instead of my normal bedtime. This is a great puzzle game and has a very strong sense of zen to it. If you're not sure if you'd like it or not, the demo is almost as long as some full length games and can give a really good impression of how the rest of the game plays.
You'll be overwhelmed or bored.  Once it's both you won't quit.
This is the most addictive game I've ever played. I just love it.  The progress of the factory and resource gathering are very well balanced with the threats presented by the enemies in the game. Also, it allows all kind of automations, including programming if you're willing to do so :-)
Whose who think that Factorio is about building a factory are wrong. It is a story about transcendence from Man to God.  You land on a hostile planet, and minutes you have pierced the very heart of the earth, poisoned her lungs, chopped down her trees, murdered her offsprings. For what? For the everconsuming lust, and greed. And within months if not weeks you are floating within your walls,  your fortress, your kingdom of fire and steel. You have hundrends of loyal servants, whose numbers double each day, for such is the nature of your lust. You can tell you are not welcome to walk the surface. Yet you persist. Your dominations on this world grows boring, and you seek to expand to other worlds, for they are rightfully yours.
... need more plates...
My factory can product a thousand kg of furry pron!!!
Great game for anyone who enjoys automation and factory building.
It’s a great automation game, and it’s very easy to get into. The beginning is a bit challenging but really good. The game is addictive, and it can run on small to medium setups. I highly recommend it.
The factory must grow.
Одна из лучших песочниц!
♥♥♥♥
The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow. The factory must grow.
hopelessly addicted.... again
LOVE THIS GAME AND IT IS NEW EVERY TIME YOU TRY NEW MODS
The automation game GOAT
Wenn du Minecraft Redstone magst, dann ist das hier dein allergrößter Traum
The highest praise i can give is I purposely didn't play this game for about 3-4 years because i knew it would consume me. I now have time for it and got it. my hours should say it all for how good it is i only got the game 4 days ago at he time of his review.
I believe I'm well behind the times in trying this game, but it was worth it to me Nice exploration / tech tree / production optimization sim with a little bit of battle thrown in Already spent way too much time in it and the addiction hasn't loosened its hold yet...
The game is a decade old, and never stopped getting better. You can play it a hundred different ways, and that's before any mods, of which there are myriad. What's not to love?
What to say...I had tried it in the past and never got past the tutorial...too much work and fiddling I thought... I picked it up once again after a friend recommended it, and now I hate him for ruining any other game for me. After 200 hours and finishing it a couple of times, I can say this is THE GAME. I am in love with the way everything is so perfectly balanced.   Factorio is a masterpiece of design. My live has meaning now and I am in love with this game, or could be the lack of sleep, who knows...Got to go automate stuff...
Yee
Oh no... I'm gonna have 500 hours in this game like the rest of you, aren't I?
Good
Favorite game of all time
250 hours in and I'm starting my second playthrough! Can recommend
Great game, I love the automation and the exploration of new worlds with new mechanics. Absolutely loved lava world, but was not a big fan of scrap land. Spoilers follow.  The biggest flaw in the game is the lack of infinite resources combined with the endless attacks from bugs on the home world. So you set things up with a complex network of drones to block narrow passages and prevent bugs from destroying your base while you're gone. If you have holes it's not hard to fix remotely with remotely-operated tanks and building. But eventually you will run out of resources, most likely at a time when you're trying to build another automated transport space ship to ferry resources. Because of distance and the lack of teleporters, it becomes increasingly inconvenient to ferry resources back to your main base while running ammo out to the fringes. So you end up with increasingly large and complex logistics just to maintain, all while trying to expand on other planets.  Again, I love the game. I appreciate that it's still maintained, too. I just wish they'd made it in such a way that you could stop micromanaging mechanics (like the bugs) once you'd mastered them. I'd have introduced something like a large-radius laser turret that actually did big damage with resources from another world so that  the bugs could be wiped out while making it do next to no damage to creatures from other worlds.  We wouldn't have games like Satisfactory without Factorio, and I really appreciate that they realized making 600 parts derived from iron and copper is actually pretty fun for some people.
The factory must grow, The factory must grow, The factory must grow, The factory must grow
Yep
The factory must grow...
legal
Cractorio.  I'm addicted.  Send help.
